# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Team Membership

- Kerstin Arnold
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Alexander Duryee
- Iris Lee
- Eric Sonnenberg (Standards liaison)

## Current Status

Since our last TS-EAS meeting on 2020-10-09, the Schema group has accomplished four major goals:

1. Incorporated all changes requested by the EAC team into our new publication process. See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/tree/development 
1. Reviewed those changes for both the RNG and XSD schema output files, and subsequently added the "Tested by Scheam Team" label to the corresponding issues. See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Tested+by+Schema+Team%22
1. Added a new Schematron file for EAC-CPF, which is packaged with a variety of new validation rules, including some based on the new referencing attributes (i.e. assertion description). See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/blob/development/source/modules/schematron/shared-rules.sch
1. Published a new repository, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac1-to-eac2-conversion, which provides a process to transform valid EAC-CPF 1.x files into EAC-CPF 2.0. This repository is seeded with 33 EAC-CPF sample files (32 real-world files, and 1 mocked-up file that includes all EAC 1.0 attributes and elements for testing purposes). The repository also includes the EAC-CPF 2.0 output of these files, which can be viewed at https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac1-to-eac2-conversion/tree/main/sample-files/output. These files are associated with the RNG version of the schema, as well as the new Schematron file. The process also has a variety of built-in parameters that can be utilized to alter the output (e.g. associate the EAC-CPF 2.0 files with the XSD version of the schema).

Additionally, one other update to share, which we initited before the October meeting, is that we published a sample EAS Validation service. See https://saa-sdt.github.io/eas-validator/.  Check it out and let us know what you think. Right now, it is set up so that you can attempt to validate EAD2002, EAD3, EAC 1.x, and EAC 2.0 files.

## Initiatives Underway

- Creating a new EAC-CPF deliverable for the call-for-comments period (new branch / ZIP file will be created)
- Updating the Schematron file used by EAD/EAC (we still need to write new rules for ISO-8601 2019, as well as to add back in the external code validation rules)
- Adding minutes from our last few meetings to GitHub (currently still on Google Drive)


## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

- Update Design Principles with new rule about ordering of sibling elements with mixed cardinality
- Update the new Schema publication process to include automatic testing, using GitHub actions
- Finish adding EAD3 to the new publication process / repository
- Update the TS-EAS handbook
