# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Team Membership

August 2017 – August 2018:
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Terry Catapano
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Regine Heberlein

## Current Status

All meeting minutes and documentation continue to be provided on the TS-EAS Github site at <https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam>

We completed the work required to issue a new release of [EAD3 1.1.0](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/releases/tag/v1.1.0) in April.

We completed the phase-1 update for EAC-CPF:  https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/tree/phase-1-revision-2018

We created some discussion items around the proposal to manage the control schema separately from EAD and EAC-CPF. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/17vmLYi1CQ28tzdhjgCRLPkmLEInLsPcSHPnXENGrbh4/edit?usp=sharing (this document is open so anyone else can edit it. have at it!)

## Initiatives Underway

- Still need to clean up some of the EAD3 github branches and wrap up some of the "open" issues that have been addressed with EAD3 1.1.0.
- Update our local testing suite of EAD3 and EAC-CPF records, which will be used to test schema revisions. We would like to automate these tests at some point next year.
- Still need to develop documentation about other ways to work with the TS-EAS schemas, including guidance about Schematron and how to make a local profile of a schema.


## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

We welcome suggestions for new initiatives to undertake after SAA. One idea was to host a Github bootcamp for all members of TS-EAS, and we would be interested in hearing if there would be interest in something like that (whether done in person or virtually).
