#Update from the EAS Scheam subteam

## Team members: Karin Bredenberg (chair liaison), Terry Catapano, Mark Custer (chair), Mike Rush

### Summary:
The group just started holding meetings in January.  We plan to meet monthly at least up through SAA's annual meeting in Portland this year.  All of our minutes and notes are being posted to the SAA-SDT / TS-EAS-subteam-notes / [schemas-subteam](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam) Github directory.

### Primary Goals for this Year:
- Establish an overall policy for the subteam, which will begin to outline the flow of the schema update process (from recommendation to readying the release for the Committee, including the testing process and any downstream impacts, such as the need to communicate with the documentaion subteam about updates required in a tag library).
- Create documentation for how to prepare a new release for any schema under our management, with the goal of ensuring that every member of the subteam can fulfill that role when needed.
- Create a how-to guide for working with Schematron alongside the official EAD3 and EAC-CPF schemas.
- Release EAD 3.1 once our subteam has received the final recommendations from the EAD3 subteam, and also after our subteam has fully documented the release process; do the same for the EAC-CPF schema, depending on recommendations forthcoming from the EAC subteam.

### Questions for the Committee:
- What else do we need to consider when updating, testing, and releasing a new version of a schema?; and
- How can we make that process as undisruptive as possible? (and, of course, we'll take feedback on this continuously, and we will especially be interested in communicating frequently with more of the subteams once we begin to prepare the EAD 3.1 release)



