# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Team Membership

- Kerstin Arnold
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Alexander Duryee
- Iris Lee
- Eric Sonnenberg (Standards liaison)

## Current Status

Since our last TS-EAS meeting on 2021-02-19, the Schema group has accomplished four major goals:

1. Published the draft release of EAC-CPF 2.0.  See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/releases/tag/v2.0-draft
1. Added new examples to the EAD3 Tag Library.
1. Updated the Tag Library creation process in advance of the new process for requesting E-ISBNs from SAA's Publications Office.
1. Released a final draft version of EAD2002, which removes validations against external code lists (e.g. ISO 3166-1). If approved by Standards, this will be our last change to EAD2002 before officially putting it into read-only mode. See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD2002/tree/release/final

## A new principle

We have drafted a new Design Principle to explain how our maintenance priorities shift whenever a new major revision is published and approved. Please see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EgRVZ1uLoaqPeukWd5xHzI1Eocp43JqA_VvIIQ_veeU/edit?usp=sharing. All feedback welcome!

This item was discussed and recommended during the February meeting, based on feedback from EAD2002 users regarding newly-invalid files, which is due to the fact that the external code lists continue to evolve whereas the EAD2002 schema is no longer updated.

## Initiatives Underway

- Submit the EAD2002 minor change request to Standards, which removes validation against external code lists.
- Update the online version of our Design Principles to include schema principle 9, which explains how our maintenance priorities shift whenever a new major revision is published and approved.  
- Update the Schematron file used by EAD/EAC (we still need to write new rules for ISO-8601 2019, once we have that standard in hand, as well as to add back in the external code validation rules)


## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

- Update Design Principles with new rule about ordering of sibling elements with mixed cardinality (pending finalization of EAC 2.0)
- Update the new Schema publication process to include automatic testing, using GitHub actions
- Finish adding EAD3 to the new publication process / repository
- Update the TS-EAS handbook
