# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Purpose/scope of team responsibilities

The TS-EAS Schemas Subteam is a group of volunteers responsible for maintaining and updating the EAD3 and EAC-CPF XML schemas, as well as any other allied schemas adopted by TS-EAS.

Ongoing responsibilities of the TS-EAS Schemas Subteam include:
- Updating and revising schemas per requests sent from allied subgroups (the EAD3 group, EAC-CPF group, etc.);
- Responding to any bug reports submitted by the community;
- Creating new schemas as required;
- Maintaining and revising any documentation that its members create (e.g. guidelines on design patterns used in the schema-authoring process);
- Sharing its tools, documentation, and meeting minutes with the wider archival community

## Team Membership

August 2016 – July 2017:
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Terry Catapano
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Michael Rush

Next year:
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Mark Custer (chair)
- you?
- ????

## Current Status

All meeting minutes and documentation has been or will be added to the TS-EAS Github site at <https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam>

Since the February update, the Schemas group has had 5 conference calls.

We prepared a release of EAD3 1.1 for testing.

Two issues were noticed with this release:
* The descgroup element had to be updated in the undeprecated-driver file
* ObjectXMLWrap still isn’t working in the RNG and XSD undeprecated schemas

The first issue was resolved.  Once the second issue is resolved, we will prepare a final candidate release for EAD3 1.1 to be tested by the community.

Our goal was to have this out prior to SAA, but given time constraints, this is now scheduled for August.

The Subteam is proposing that post EAD 1.1 and EAC-CPF 1.0 that we only release two schema varieties:  RNG and XSD.  This proposal is in the process of being revised, and we would like to get the committee's feedback at SAA.

## Initatives Underway

We are in the process of preparing an FAQ about validating EAD3 with Schematron.

We are still working to ready the release of EAD3 1.1. We had hoped to have this out before SAA, but expect it to be ready soon thereafter.

Once the EAD3 1.1 release comes out, we expect that our schema update documentation for EAD3 will be out of draft form.

We are [proposing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eNvdOet-Q6-u_K1K8kBd4qPqXRJNn54r054e4b72uO8/edit?usp=sharing "Draft Proposal on Google Drive") that, moving forward, TS-EAS maintain RNG and XSD versions of XML-based schemas for both EAD3 and EAC-CPF (as well as EAG and EAF if those become separate schemas) so that the same maintenance tools and processed may be used by the Schemas Subteam. 

## Forthcoming projects/initiatives, desired priorities

After the release of EAD3 1.1, we plan to get ready for any updates or larger revisions for the EAC-CPF schema.

We would also like to consider additional options for how the TS-EAS schemas and tag libraries could be managed with similar tools and processes. When new elements are added to a schema, for instance, we could streamline how the tag library is updated.

In the next year, we will also need to review our current policies and practices to see what can be improved (e.g. does EAD3 1.1 have useful comments embedded directly in the new schemas that document adequately the new features?)

Other opportunities in the next year include investigating the role that JSON-based schemas might play in TS-EAS, given the increased usage of JSON in applications and projects such as ArchivesSpace and SNAC.


