# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Team Membership

August 2017 – August 2018:
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Terry Catapano
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Regine Heberlein

## Current Status

All meeting minutes and documentation continue to be provided on the TS-EAS Github site at <https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam>

We completed the work required to issue a new release of [EAD3 1.1.0](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/releases/tag/v1.1.0) in April.

We have started to work on the revision to EAC-CPF.  So far, five of the nineteen issues tagged as "phase-1" have been implemented in separate branches.  See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/branches

## Initatives Underway

We plan to start to investigate, before SAA, what it might take to manage the control sections of EAD and EAC as a separate but shared schema.

We are also:
- Planning to clean up some of the EAD3 github branches and wrap up some of the "open" issues that have been addressed with EAD3 1.1.0.
- Starting to work on the phase-1 part of the EAC revision, which will require coming up with a new method for creating the XSD schema derivative and immplementing automated tests as part of our release phase.
- Updating our local testing suite of EAD3 and EAC-CPF records, which will be used to test schema revisions.
- Still planning to come up with other ways to work with TS-EAS schemas, including guidance about Schematron and how to make a local profile of a schema.
- Still [proposing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eNvdOet-Q6-u_K1K8kBd4qPqXRJNn54r054e4b72uO8/edit?usp=sharing "Draft Proposal on Google Drive") that, moving forward, TS-EAS maintain RNG and XSD versions of XML-based schemas for both EAD3 and EAC-CPF, as well as continue to provide the DTD with EAD3. Need more information from the community, but will hopefully have a better idea about that when it comes time to update EAD3 the next time around.


## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

We welcome suggestions for new initiatives to undertake after SAA. One idea was to host a Github bootcamp for all members of TS-EAS, and we would be interested in hearing if there would be interest in something like that (whether done in person or virtually).



