# Update from the EAS Schema subteam

## Team Membership

August 2018– August 2019:
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Regine Heberlein

## Current Status

All meeting minutes and documentation continue to be provided on the TS-EAS Github site at <https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam>

We invited Carl Wilson to provide the entire committee a GitHub tutorial at the 2018-10-25 meeting.  

We updated the EAC-CPF "master" branch, releasing the minor revision of EAC-CPF in December:  https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/tree/master

We only met one time as a group this year (outside of an additional meeting with Carl Wilson on 2019-04-12). We expect to meet monthly again next year, now that we have a concrete plan for how to manage the schema-related GitHub repositories (although we still have a few more details to work out with the EAD3 repository, which is more complicated due to its publication process).

## Initiatives Underway

- Update the TS-EAS GitHub account to include both a general introduction to GitHub and documentation for how we use GitHub to manage the schema releases, which outlines the preferred process that collaborators can use to submit pull requests. For both of these documents, we are borrowing from the guidelines established by the DILCIS Board, with their permission.  See https://github.com/DILCISBoard/DILCISBoard.github.io/blob/master/GITHUB_GUIDE.md

## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

- Ensure that new members can access GitHub.
- If the shared schema approach is recommended, we will need to determine how best to manage everything in GitHub.  There are a variety of options for how we could do this, such as implementing the shared schema components as a subtree (see https://www.atlassian.com/blog/git/alternatives-to-git-submodule-git-subtree).
- Clean up some of the EAD3 Github branches, especially in the EAD3 repository.
- Update our local testing suite of EAD3 and EAC-CPF records, which will be used to test schema revisions. We would like to automate these tests at some point.
- We welcome suggestions for new initiatives to undertake for the new year, and we welcome anyone else who would like to join the group.
