# Update from the EAS Schema subteam
This is the term report for the period of September 2019– February 2020...  submitted quite late!  Mark was out sick (all week) during the February all-member meeting. He's just uploading the quarterly team report now, in April 2020 (check out that file name).

Most of what the Schema team worked on, however, was already reported by the EAD3 team. The main project that the schema subteam worked on during this time frame was the patch release of EAD3, which was an urgent need since there was a critical bug in the XSD schemas that affected the ability to validate "c12" elements. See the excellent EAD3 team report from the February 21st meeting for more detail.

## Team Membership

- Kerstin Arnold
- Karin Bredenberg (liaison)
- Mark Custer (chair)
- Alexander Duryee
- Jessica Purkis
- Eric Sonnenberg (Standards liaison)

## Current Status

All meeting minutes and documentation continue to be provided on the TS-EAS Github site at <https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/schemas-subteam>

We received permission from the Standards Committee and SAA Council to release a patch for EAD3. That release, version 1.1.1, was published on 2019-12-13.  See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/releases/tag/v1.1.1


## Forthcoming projects/initiatives

- Implement new GitHub workflows for the development and release of EAC-CPF 2.0, which will include:
  - Updating the Handbook with a description of the workflow;
  - Adding automated tests to the deployment process; and, eventually
  - Managing the EAC-CPF and EAD3 schemas in a single repository.
- We welcome suggestions for new initiatives to undertake for the new year, and we welcome anyone else who would like to join the group.
