eaccpf-subteam/working-documents/homepage welcome.md, before:

# Welcome to the EAC-CPF Homepage

Encoded Archival Context for Corporate Bodies, Persons, and Families – EAC-CPF – is an XML-Schema for the International Standard Archival Authority Record for Corporate Bodies, Persons and Families, 2nd Edition, 2003. It is used closely in association with Encoded Archival Description (EAD), an XML-Schema for encoding archival finding aids, but not limited to it.

In 2011 EAC-CPF became an adopted standard of the Society of American Archivists (SAA). A Technical Subcommittee (TS-EAC-CPF) was established under the SAA’s Standards Committee. In 2015 the Technical Subcommittees on EAD and EAC-CPF were merged to form the Technical Subcommittee on Encoded Archival Standards (TS-EAS), responsible for the ongoing maintenance of EAD and EAC-CPF.

Since August 2016 a subgroup within TS-EAS has been discussing questions and issues regarding EAC-CPF which came up in different projects implementing the standard and during the revision process of EAD 2002 to EAD3. Feedback came from partners and institutions all over the world. In summer 2017 a decision about an update or a full revision of the standard is planned.

This website informs about the EAC-CPF Schema, its background, context, and use. Questions or remarks concerning this standard can be send to the EAD-Mailinglist.

For additional information about the history of the development of the EAC-CPF standard, we have compiled a more detailed overview here.

Commit message:

Update homepage welcome.md
Update 3rd paragraph about the update and revision

eaccpf-subteam/working-documents/homepage welcome.md, after:

# Welcome to the EAC-CPF Homepage

Encoded Archival Context for Corporate Bodies, Persons, and Families – EAC-CPF – is an XML-Schema for the International Standard Archival Authority Record for Corporate Bodies, Persons and Families, 2nd Edition, 2003. It is used closely in association with Encoded Archival Description (EAD), an XML-Schema for encoding archival finding aids, but not limited to it.

In 2011 EAC-CPF became an adopted standard of the Society of American Archivists (SAA). A Technical Subcommittee (TS-EAC-CPF) was established under the SAA’s Standards Committee. In 2015 the Technical Subcommittees on EAD and EAC-CPF were merged to form the Technical Subcommittee on Encoded Archival Standards (TS-EAS), responsible for the ongoing maintenance of EAD and EAC-CPF.

Since August 2016 a subgroup within TS-EAS has been discussing questions and issues regarding EAC-CPF which came up in different projects implementing the standard and during the revision process of EAD 2002 to EAD3. Feedback came from partners and institutions all over the world. TS-EAS has determined that the revision process for EAC-CPF will be conducted through a two-tier strategy. In order to satisfy the requirements of the users that have implemented the standard, a technical update of the EAC-CPF is planned for end 2018. At the same time starts adressing of general issues and tackling a major overhaul of EAC-CPF.

This website informs about the EAC-CPF Schema, its background, context, and use. Questions or remarks concerning this standard can be send to the EAD-Mailinglist.

For additional information about the history of the development of the EAC-CPF standard, we have compiled a more detailed overview here.
