#
# EAC-CPF team report

Virt. TS-EAS meeting, 15 May 2020

**Team membership**

Since our last report in February 2020 the EAC-CPF team did not changed.

**Current status**

Between 9 and 12 March 2020 we held a long planned four days face-to-face meeting in Berlin, GER. Participants of this meeting came from TS EAS team and also ex-officio and former members of TS-EAS. The Berlin team succeeded to provide a daily summary of the meeting via web conference to all interested TS-EAS members.

According our agenda, we managed to discuss the topics

* Assertion Description
* Relations
* EAD 3 Reconciliation
* Documentation

In addition, overlapping and current topics like status of RiC-CM and RiC-O, usage of Ontology and Schema, usage of namespace were discussed.

[Notes of this meeting](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/eaccpf-subteam/meeting-minutes/2020/f2f-meetings/Berlin) with all decisions and links to working documents are available for the community.

**Initiatives underway**

After we agreed on solutions for the assertion topic, relations and the alignment with EAD 3, we're going to finalise the GitHub issues accordingly and to prepare schema and documentation production. 

We originally planned to discuss and decide on remaining details and issues during a full day face-to-face meeting during the SAA conference in August 2020 in Chicago. After this conference was cancelled, an alternative solution for virtual meeting needs to be planned and organised.


**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

The target is still to finalise EAC-CPF revision in 2020. Publishing the call for comments, discuss, and include the feedback, a release is possible in 2021.
