# EAC-CPF team report
Virtual TS-EAS meeting, 21 October 2021

**Team membership**

Team membership changed since the last report in July 2021:

- Wim van Dongen left the team and TS EAS
- ex-officio Gerhard Müller handed over to Anna-Maria Underhill (Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin)
- new members since August 2021: Marie Elia, Ricardo Eito Brun

**Current status, since July 2021**

Monthly virtual EAC-CPF team meetings went on during the reported timespan. The meeting day will move to 1st Thursday per month.

The Call for Comments closed end of June 2021. There was some feedback from the community and also from TS EAS EAD subteam. 20 GitHub issues were created: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/labels/Comments%20period. 14 are already discussed and solved on this day.

The EAC-CPF team is up to create example files and encoding examples for the Tag Library and for the Best Practices Guide. 
The Tag Library is reviewed by the team and missing examples will be added.
The Best Practices Guide has first chapters draftet. The team is testing GitHub as base and host for the BPG.


**Initiatives underway**

After solving the pending GitHub issues in November, until end of December the schema might be built and testet. The Tag Library is going to be finalised and proof read by the Outreach and Communications team. The deliverables for EAC-CPF 2.0 submission to SAA will be collected.

Monthly virtual meetings are planned until the end of this year.

**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

In January 2022 the new EAC-CPF 2.0 shall be submitted to SAA. At the same time the release of the new schema will be prepared: finalize Best Practice Guide and prepare the Homepage update.
