# Update from the EAS EAC-CPF subteam
Annual TS-EAS meeting, 2018 in Washington D.C.

1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities (as you and your team have envisioned it)

After a living discussion during the Portland meeting and in our first virtual meeting, the EAC-CPF team agreed to follow a two-tier strategy to revise the standards. We start with a technical update that includes a general clean-up with minor enhancements and bug fixing. A major overhaul tied to a revision process will follow.

In August 2018 our proposal for the technical update is open for the call for comments and we plan the workflow and process of the revision.

2. Team membership

(de facto) Team members: Aaron Rubinstein, Anila Anjeli, Erica Boudreau, Karin Bredenberg, Regine Heberlein, Wim van Dongen 
Liaison: Katherine Wisser

ex officio: Gerhard Müller, Stefano Vitali (only for detailed questions)

3. Current status, update from May 2018 meeting

Updated EAC-CPF will be published with 2 schema files RNG and XSD.

Both files incorporate 15 issues and are available on GitHub and open for comments. In parallel we are going to update the tag library, in order to publish the updated schemas and tag library at the same time.

The text about EAC-CPF on the SAA standards portal was approved.

4. Initiatives underway

The call for comments is open for 2 month. Depending on the community’s feedback, the release of the updated EAC-CPF is planned for one month after the call for comments has ended.

The tag library update follows the workflow and tool of the EAD 3 TL update.

So far, 21 issues have been identified for discussion for the EAC-CPF revision phase. There are also further proposals for a general discussion about the standards aim and target.

We agreed on monthly virtual meetings which turned out to be productive with living discussion in the team.

There is an ongoing update of the EAC-CPF homepage with news.

5. Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities

Publishing the EAC-CPF update should be finished until end of 2018.

Beginning with our annual meeting in Washington, we have to find a strategy for the revision process. Following aspects must be considered for the revision: 
•	EAD 3 Reconciliation
•	principle/general discussion
•	EAD inclusion
•	Relations to other standards
•	Relations to RiC-CM
