# EAC-CPF team report
Annual TS-EAS meeting, 2020 virtual Chicago meeting

**Purpose/scope of team responsibilities**

Since January 2019 the EAC-CPF team has been working on the second phase of a two-tier strategy to revise EAC-CPF. This phase contains the major overhaul of the standard and is planned to be released for a call for comments at the end of 2020.
The EAC-CPF revision should be discussed publicly and in contact with the community. All topics and issues are published in GitHub, also notes of the virtual meetings. The homepage is used to inform on major steps and decisions and, of course, to release new schema and tag library versions.

**Team membership**

Alongside reported members, the EAC-CPF team has some regular guests from other TS-EAS teams.  
Participants of the virtual meetings during the last year (Aug 2019 – Jul 2020):
*	Ailie Smith (Tag Library Editor)
*	Caitlin Rizzo
*	Gerhard Müller (ex officio)
*	Karin Bredenberg (Liason)
*	Kerstin Arnold (EAD team lead)
*	Mark Custer (Schema team lead)
*	Silke Jagodzinski (EAC-CPF team lead)
*	Wim van Dongen

Clinton Johnson and Lina Bountouri left the team during the last year. 

**Current status, since August 2019**

The EAC-CPF team met monthly, mostly on the first Friday, in a virtual room with an average of 5 participants. We discuss and decide on two or more topics during the meeting. 
In addition, the EAC-CPF team held a face-to-face meeting. Two half and two full days of meetings were held from 9 to 12 March 2020 in Berlin, Germany, at Geheimes Staatsarchiv Preußischer Kulturbesitz and at the State Library. 

Besides EAC-CPF team members and TS-EAS members, a guest, representing the community, joined this meeting. Participants in Berlin were: Caitlin Rizzo, Cory Nimer, Gerhard Müller, Joost van Koutrik, Karin Bredenberg, Kerstin Arnold, Regine Heberlein and Silke Jagodzinski. Additionally, speakers took part virtually: Ailie Smith, Florence Clavaud and Mark Custer. The team in Berlin gave a daily summary to the TS-EAS members within a virtual room.

A second planned face-to-face meeting, alongside the annual TS-EAS meeting at the SAA annual meeting, was held as five virtual meetings in week 31.
During the last year, we finally found a solution for three major topics. The encoding of assertions, the revised encoding of relations and the alignment of the control area with EAD3 were solved. Our decisions will be proposed to the community via the call for comments at the end of this year.

The decisions within the EAC-CPF revision will have an impact for EAD as well and will move forward to a common EAS standard. In parallel, the TS-EAS Schema team created schema design principles for when global issues, like question for namespace in EAS, came up.

**Initiatives underway**

There are some open issues related to EAD alignment and simplifying the encoding. 
In GitHub one issue will be created for each old and new element and attribute to track any changes.
Alongside the new schema and RNG file, the Tag Library will be updated and will be aligned with the existing EAD tag library. In addition, a new Best Practise Guide will contain further explanations and examples how to use EAC-CPF.

**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

The target is to finalise EAC-CPF revision in 2020. After publishing the call for comments and discussing and including the feedback, a release is possible in 2021.
