# EAC-CPF team report
Annual TS-EAS meeting, 2019 in Austin

1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities (as you and your team have envisioned it)

At the annual meeting in Portland, Oregon in 2017, the TS-EAS agreed to undertake a revision of the standard EAC-CPF. The EAC-CPF team follows a two-tier strategy to revise the standard. We started with a technical update that includes a general clean-up with minor enhancements and bug fixing. A major overhaul tied to a revision is in process. The first phase with a technical update was finished in December 2018 with the release of EAC-CPF Schema 2010 Version Revised.

The second phase with a major overhaul EAC-CPF revision started in January 2019 and is planned to be finished end 2020.

The EAC-CPF revision should be discussed publicly and in contact with the community. All topics and issues are published in GitHub, also notes of the virtual meetings. The homepage is used to inform on major steps and decisions and, of course, to release new schema and tag library versions.

2. Team membership

Next to reported members, the EAC-CPF team has some frequently guests from other TS-EAS teams. Participants of the virtual meetings during the last year (Aug 2018 – Jul 2019):

*	Aaron Rubinstein
*	Ailie Smith
*	Erica Boudreau
*	Gerhard Müller (ex officio)
*	Katherine M. Wisser (Liaison)
*	Karin Bredenberg
*	Kerstin Arnold (Shared Schema team lead)
*	Mark Custer (Schema team lead)
*	Silke Jagodzinski (EAC-CPF team lead)
*	Wim van Dongen

3. Current status, since August 2018

The technical updated EAC-CPF, having the form of a minor revision, was released in December 2018 and is called EAC-CPF Schema 2010 Version Revised. It is published as xsd and rng files with an updated English tag library.

During the release the EAC-CPF team agreed on coming version numbering for the next release, in alignment with EAD schema and changes in the tag library structure. The minor update is close to the previous version of EAC-CPF and didn’t get major changes in this sense.

The EAC-CPF team went on to meet monthly, first Friday, in a virtual room with averaging 6 participants. Since March 2019 we discuss and decide about one or two topics during the meeting. 5 issues were decided, 3 issues were forwarded to the whole TS-EAS team for discussion and decision.

In addition, the EAC-CPF team was preparing two face-to-face meetings. A full day meeting was hold on 1 August 2019 in Austin, TX, next to the annual TS-EAS meeting at the SAA annual meeting. Five comprehensive topics were prepared for this meeting with a paper to introduce the subject, possible solutions and examples. The papers were sent to all participants beforehand in order to provide best preparation for the meeting.

Another 3-days meeting is planned for March 2020 in Berlin. Two funding requests were sent so far. A first funding request was submitted to SAA and was asking for travel funding for non-European participants. This request was rejected in May 2019. A second funding request is planned for ICA Programme Committee. A contact letter in advance has not been answered yet.

The EAC-CPF team agreed to plan and hold the Berlin meeting also in case there is no funding available

4. Initiatives underway

Following GitHub, there are still 37 issues to discuss and to decide. Next to it, 5 comprehensive topics (covering 11 of these issues) are in decision and two more have to be decided during the annual TS-EAS meeting in Austin. The big questions of EAC 3 reconciliation topics, also with outcome of Shared schema team and the inclusion of EAG and EAC-F are on the table. Some topics might come from the Related standards team.

Next to remaining issues and topics from the Austin meeting, we hope to decide and finalise these questions during the Berlin meeting.
There is an ongoing update of the EAC-CPF homepage with news.

5. Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities

The target is to finalise EAC-CPF revision in 2020. Publishing the call for comments and discuss and include the feedback, a release is possible in 2021.

To achieve this target, the planned 3 days face-to-face meeting is probably the most important step for the release. Assuming that most of the current GitHub issues are decided until this meeting, the meeting is going to focus on following topics:

*	further questions on EAD 3 Reconciliation
*	Relations to other standards
*	Relations to RiC-CM
*	Including EAG, EAC-F
