# EAC-CPF team report
Virtual TS-EAS meeting, 14 May 2021

**Team membership**

Team membership changed since the last report in February 2021:

- Iris Lee interrupts her active participation from March 2021 for the time being
- Wim van Dongen interrupts his active participation from April 2021 (expected) until fall 2021

**Current status, since February 2021**

Monthly virtual EAC-CPF team meetings went on during the reported timespan. Only the May meeting was cancelled due to a lack of urgent topics and cancellations of the majority of the EAC-CPF team.

The Call for Comments for EAC-CPF 2.0 revision was published in March 2021, with a delay of two weeks. The Call for Comments was launched via different channels by the TS-EAS Outreach team. All documents are available on the [EAC-CPF homepage](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema-revision-2021/): 

- [Revision notes](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema-revision-2021/)
- [Draft EAC-CPF Schema 2.0](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema-revision-2021/eac-cpf-schema-2-0-draft/)
- Draft Tag Library ([html](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/taglibrary/cpfTagLibrary2021Draft_EN.html), [pdf](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/taglibrary/cpfTagLibrary2021Draft_EN.pdf))
- [Questionnaire for use cases and examples](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema-revision-2021/questionnaire-for-use-cases-and-examples/)

A webinar was held on 27 and 29 April 2021 by members of the TS-EAS to explain the EAC-CPF revision and to give possibilities for questions and comments. The same webinar was held twice to reach an international auditorium and to meet different time zones. Both webinars had 65 participants and the majority was listening in the session suitable for America. 

The Call for Comments runs until the end of June 2021. Until mid May there is no comment or feedback from the community, but some comments from the EAC-CPF team, coming up during the schema and stylesheet finalising. Also the webinars had no comments or questions but the offer to get example encoding, esp. for multiple identities. 


**Initiatives underway**

Beginning of June a reminder about the Call for Comments deadline will be sent.

Since mid May preparations for the Best Practises Guidelines are running and in June the EAC-CPF team will start to work on texts and encoding examples for the BPG and the TL. 

Monthly virtual meetings are planned until the end of this year and depending on the community's feedback an additional meeting around the TS-EAS annual meeting will be considered.

**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

Next to new issues reported by the community some pending issues, open points and detailed questions that raised during the EAC-CPF 2.0 draft finalizing will be discussed in the EAC-CPF team.

The Best Practices Guide needs to be created together with new and real encoding examples, also the Tag Library will be finalised with examples.


