# EAC-CPF team report
Virtual TS-EAS meeting, 19 February 2021

**Team membership**

Team membership didn't changed since the last report in October 2020.

**Current status, since October 2020**

Monthly virtual EAC-CPF team meetings went on during the reported timespan with an additional virtual meeting in November 2020.

End of November most open issues were discussed and decided. In parallel the Schema team was working on schema development and our Tag Library editor was preparing the Tag Library entries. Beginning of December, the status quo on all elements and attributes was frozen to finalise all technical files and documentation for a Call for Comments. 

From December until January the Schema team tested all elements and attributes of the schema files. In January the EAC-CPF team started with proof reading the Tag Library.

**Initiatives underway**

The EAC-CPF team agreed to publish following files for the Call for Comments as draft versions: xsd, rng, schematron, Tag Library. Furthermore, the Schema team managed to provide a draft stylesheet for EAC-CPF 2010 to EAC-CPF 2.0 (draft) conversion. 

Finalising all files, including texts for the announcement, revision notes and preparing the EAC-CPF homepage are underway until end of February 2021. The Call for Comments is planned to be released beginning of March 2021 and stays open for feedbackuntil end of June 2021. 

In cooperation with the Outreach team a webinar on EAC-CPF revision is planned some weeks after the call was published.  

**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

The Call for Comments will be supported by an extra webinar in order to explain and present the major changes to the community. Besides, an email reminder will be send via the TS-EAS communication channels end of May 2021.

Next to new issues reported by the community some pending issues, open points and detailed questions that raised during the EAC-CPF 2.0 draft finalizing will be discussed in the EAC-CPF team. 

The planned Best Practices Guide needs to be created together with new and real encoding examples.
