# EAC-CPF team report
Virtual TS-EAS meeting, 24 February 2022

**Team membership**

Team membership changed since the last report in October 2022:

- Ricardo Eito Brun is no EAC-CPF team member anymore
- Marie Elia is going to take over EAC-CPF team lead from Silke; both will run the team hand in hand until EAC-CPF 2.0 was approved by SAA 

**Current status, since October 2021**

Monthly virtual EAC-CPF team meetings went on during the reported timespan. The meeting day is 1st Thursday per month.

The time was used to finalise EAC-CPF 2.0 schema files (xsd, rng, schematron, xslt) and Tag Library. Also the EAC-CPF 2.0 submission documentation was prepared and finalised for the standards approval by SAA Standards Committee and SAA Council.
Submission documentation uses the successfull EAD3 documentation as template. SAA Standards Commitee Liaison Lara Michels counseled TS-EAS for the documentation.

We plan to hand over the whole documentation including all attending files and deliverables end of February 2022.

A first [Chinese translation of EAC-CPF 2010 revised 2018 Tag Library](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/first-chinese-translation-of-an-eas-tag-library-available-for-eac-cpf/) was published in January 2022.

**Initiatives underway**

While SAA Standards Committee is reviewing EAC-CPF 2.0, the team is going to work on the Best Practises Guide that is not part of the standards submission documentation but an additional and in progress documentation for EAC-CPF 2.0 user and community.
Also homepage information will be revised.

Monthly virtual meetings are planned until the end of this SAA term.

**Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities**

The release of EAC-CPF 2.0, providing the it is approved by SAA Council, is planned for SAA annual meeting in August 2022. Any webinars, presentations and outreach events are planned after the public release.
