# Minutes, 2018-05-18
Time: 7 a.m. PST/ 10 a.m. EST / 4 p.m. CET

## Attendees
- Karin
- Mark
- Regine

## Agenda / Minutes
### Updates
  - EAD3 1.1.0 basically ready.  Schema and tag library work is done.
  - EAC-CPF revision 2018.
    - Now ready to be tested: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/tree/phase-1-revision-2018
    - Mark has tested the XSD, but we still need to test the RNG version.
    - The EAC group will also start testing and providing feedback.

### Review last month's action items
 - still need schematron intro / guide on how to do on your own.
 - still need to fix up the EAD3 repo (removing branches, etc.)

### Other items to discuss?
 - need a shared control schema.
 - perhaps camelCase the control schema, and lowercase it as part of the EAD publication process for the time being. or, better yet, stick with one, since that would make other things easier, like sharing any tools that work with those parts of the schema)
 - also need to lift out the Tag Library documentation. talk with the Documentation group about that prior to SAA.

### Action Items
 - Regine will test the revised EAC RNG schema, updating the test EAC file if needed to test the changes.
 - Mark will upload the list of changes for the EAC revision to Github.
 - Karin will translate her documentation on using schematron to English so that we can use that as a starting point for providing more schematron guidance to the community.
 - Mark will set up a time to talk with Terry about how best to manage the EAD3 repo moving forward.
 - Mark will contact Ruth to see about adding her 'Git intro' into the TS-EAS handbook.


### Next meeting
 - June 29th.  meet at 9 a.m. instead of 10 a.m. at EST.
