# Minutes, 2018-01-19
Time: 7 a.m. PST/ 10 a.m. EST / 4 p.m. CET

## Attendees
- Mark
- Karin
- Terry

## Agenda / Minutes
- Discuss schema-maintenance propsoal: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eNvdOet-Q6-u_K1K8kBd4qPqXRJNn54r054e4b72uO8/edit?usp=sharing]
  -  Need a rationale for each of the formats;
  - Removing DTD support from EAd could cause problems for folks who use character maps, but having the DTD essentially forks the community.
  - Should we instead invest our energies on supporting the transition away from DTD dependency?
  - Deadline of Feb. 2nd to edit, comment, on the proposal. Mark will aim to send to the TS-EAS group before the group meeting.

- Intro to Schematron resource
  - still need to talk about this, but we'll postpone until another call.

- Scoping EAD3: using "EAD3 lite" as an example
  - suggestion to do what JATS does. have a big tent schema, along with examples of how to scope things for particular needs.

- Testing framework (next steps)
  - regression testing
  - having a better test bed
  - Harry Potter file created by Ruth.
  - "Kitchen Sink" file created by Mike.
  - need an official test bed for EAC-CPF.
  - also just need to continue to update the testing files as the schemas change.

- Schedule our next meeting  
  - 2018-02-16, 10 a.m. EST

## Issues to discuss
- EAD3 issue 515 https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/515
  - we need to respond to this, but it’s beyond the scope of what we support.  perhaps suggest submitting this issue to the jaxb forums.

- EAC-CPF issue 36 https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/issues/36 
  -  terry will do a  bit of research on this, but we should also consider coming up with a wiki page for help.

## to do before our next meeting:
- comment by Feb 2nd on schema-maintenance proposal.
- terry will look into schema validation stuff for recommendations regarding EAC issue 36.
- karin will ask about schema maintenance tests at XML Prague.