# SAA TS-EAS Documentation Team Report July 2017

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities (as you and your team have envisioned it)

* Maintaining the back-end of the documentation for the tag libraries. Making edits and translations of the tag libraries and their surrounding documentation, regenerating them from TEI, and sending updated copies to the correct people.
* Managing and documenting communication between other teams and the persons responsible for maintaining the online presence of the tag libraries at Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin and the Library of Congress and the online materials hosted by the SAA Standards Portal.
* Maintaining contact information and backup contact information for those three locations. Similarly, recording what things the TS-EAS overall is responsible for and where thse things are online.
* Creating documentation of policies and procedures and technical advice for the TS-EAS group itself.

## 2. Team membership

- Ruth Kitchin Tillman (lead)
- Karin Bredenberg (TS-EAS co-chair)
- Vasiliki (Lina) Bountouri
- Mark Custer
- Wim van Dongen

## 3. Current status, update from December meeting

Areas identified to be addressed this year:

**Need for GitHub Issue Templates:** Karin created a GitHub submission template.

**German Headings:** Silke and Lina added German headings to the translations file.

**Need to Identify What the Committee is Responsible for and Who the Contacts Are:** Ruth created a [document of the different sites](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ar6yBN8ABWWaqH8Hsgn02eVZ9IwD5i0uS12SuWiNHPk/edit?usp=sharing) for which the documentation team provides content and guidance and contact information for persons responsible at partner institutions.

**Guidelines for GitHub Contributions:** Ruth created a [document which still needs review](https://gist.github.com/ruthtillman/f568578f9bb2d3b49fc26b5967f4e234).

**Guidance Needed on How to Validate EAD3 and How to Use Schemetron:** Asked the EAD team.

We have not met much in the spring. Ruth and Mark looked at the XSLT and the overall layout of the tag libraries. They concluded that most changes which could be made to improve usability would have to be done on a major scale, not a minor one, and let it be for now. We have heard that Gerhard and Glenn are working on an idea regarding tag library but they have not been willing to share it yet.

Ruth, Silke, and Gerhard made changes to the documents surrounding the EAC-CPF tag library in order to reflect the ongoing work around the revision process.

Some minor tweaks were made to links on the EAD website and an issue with text display was corrected. There is still room for improvement where the text runs up directly agains the borders.

## 4. Initiatives underway

Lina and Karin writing guidance on how someone would perform a full translation of a tag library.

Waiting to hear about possible tag library changes.

Need to review document for GitHub contributions

## 5. Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities

We will need not just to add new elements or changes to the EAD3 tag library but to develop a user-friendly way of indicating that these are EAD3.1 and not in the original.

Depending on the EAC-CPF team’s timeline, we may need to prepare for creating a beta site for its tag library and participating in the TEI encoding process.

Working with the EAC-CPF team, it would be useful to be able to identify and update the EAC-CPF publications list on its website and add any known projects in use.