# 2020-06-17

## Attendees
Caitlin, Noah, Karin, Cory, Glenn, Michelle, Adrian

## Discussion points:
- Lina is stepping down from TS-EAS
- SAA microsite update proposal
  - Incorporate tracked changes into doc, share cleaned up version with broader TS-EAS team as a FYI -- welcome suggestions (2 week turnaround?)
  - Michele will check w/ EAS Section steering committee re: adding webinars to (https://www2.archivists.org/groups/encoded-archival-standards-section/resources-maintained-by-the-eas-section) 
- Tutorial proposals
  - Template to adapt available in Google Drive folder
- Webinar planning ideas
  - Records in Context (RiC) overview and update (Adrian contacted Florence, 2020-06-16)
  - EAC-CPF overview? 
    - Only available webinar from Archives Portal Europe. This might be something that would be helpful before the schema revision webinar later in the year. Seems to be a great deal of interest in having something beyond just the tag library. Would need to find someone who can do this, or has done this in the past. Might reach out of Kathy Wisser to develop a high-level introduction webinar for the standard. 
    - Should describe the use case for implementation
    - Should include information on how standard interacts with EAD
    - Should provide guidance for how this might be used outside the context of SNAC or archival management systems (as well as within these projects)
  - Can you do EAD without an IT specialist? 
  - Value of encoded archival standards--what are they for?
  - "Release notes" on any recent EAS updates (prospective)
  - "EAD on a shoestring"
    - Validating the file (freebie sources)
      - NoteTab++	
      - W3C online validation tool? (https://validator.w3.org/)
  - "Manipulating/editing EAD outputs? Tips and tricks"
    - Use case: simple edits to an EAD file, e.g.
      - Updating box/folder information
      - Swapping order of <unittitle><unitid>
    - Considerations with introducing edits
  - Pros/cons and considerations with migrating to EAD3
  - Next steps
    - Michele will develop a proposal for EAD on a shoestring / editing EAD tutorial(s)
    - Adrian will follow-up with Kathy re: EAC-CPF tutorial idea
- Homework
  - Re-engage with TS-EAS survey results re: EAD3 implementation: (https://www.loc.gov/ead/EAD3_Implementation_Survey_Results_and_Discussion_20190320.pdf)
