# 2020-03-18

## Attendees
Karin, Glenn, Noah, Caitlin, Cory, Adrian

##Discussion points
- Updating TS-EAS subteam directory on GitHub to reflect charge, public notes, etc. (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes)
  - documentation-subteam = add an index.md indicating that these are legacy notes 
  - Create new outreach-communications-subteam subdirectory and post charge [Cory + Adrian]
- Would this team be willing to conduct an editorial/content review of the text comprising revisions to the EAC-CPF tag library? Timeframe for review is ca. August. Cory, Glenn, Adrian will volunteer [Cory will follow-up Silke]
- Translations statement / linking to handbook (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/wiki)
  - Any adjustments to (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/wiki/Translation-of-Tag-Libriaries)
    - Update "Documentation team" reference; Karin will also suggest process for contacting our subteam [Karin]
  - Proposed statement:

> Members of the archival community have taken the time to translate [EAD, EAC-CPF] documentation. A list of these translations is maintained on this page. Please note that translations are the responsibility of the translator. The Technical Subcommittee on Encoded Archival Standards (TS-EAS) does not guarantee the accuracy or persistence of the documents linked from this page.
> If you are interested in translating [EAD, EAC-CPF] documentation, or if you would like to provide or update a link to a translation, please see TS-EAS' Guidelines for the Translation of Tag Libraries for more information.
- Webinar planning
  - SAA Zoom testing (Wed 3/25, 10am PT / 11am MT) and checklist of pre- post-webinar steps for hosts and presenters [Cory + Adrian]
    - Hosting recording
  - Pilot webinar - TS-EAS updates and workplan (Fri, 4/17: 3:00pm CET / 6:00am PDT / 7:00am MDT / 8:00am CDT / 9:00am EDT / 11:00pm AEST -and- 6:00pm CET / 9:00am PDT / 10:00am MDT / 11:00am CDT / 12:00pm EDT / 11:00pm AEST)
  - Webinar pre- and post-announcements [volunteer?]
    - Draft copy, identify all relevant mailing lists for circulation (EAD list, EAS Section, Description Section, Leader List) [Glenn + Adrian]
      - ... learn about TS-EAS, what we've been working on (highlights), what's on our roadmap
  - Beyond the pilot webinar:
    - EAC-CPF revision and rollout
    - EAS implementation practices: introduce EAS Section survey initiative (include reference back to EAD implementation survey)
    - Minor release updates (e.g., EAD updates, reminder of process)
  - Brief tutorials (5-10 min.)
    - Ideas:
      - *EAS revision process overview (major vs. minor) [noah]
      - Short intro to GitHub -- what you need to get started
      - *Walk through process of submitting proposed changes [noah]
      - Interacting / following-up on proposed changes?
    - Next step: create proposal for mini-tutorials [Noah]
  - Exploring video hosting 
    - SAA YouTube channel ((https://www.youtube.com/user/saastaff)); also check w/ Gerhard re: possibility of Staatsbibliothek [Adrian to investigate]
- SAA microsite update planning:
  - Rationalizing TS-EAS pages on SAA microsite (https://www2.archivists.org/groups/technical-subcommittee-on-encoded-archival-standards-ts-eas) vis-a-vis GitHub (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/wiki) and EAD and EAC-CPF pages
  - Draft new info. architecture proposal -- what should be on SAA microsite? [Glenn]
  
# Parking lot topics
- EAD webpage updates
  - Updates to related webpages, official examples and use cases -- coordinate with EAD subteam
- TS-EAS all-group meeting at SAA -- currently scheduled for Tuesday, August 4th
- TS-EAS reporting at SAA 2020 Section meetings -- confirmed (10 min. timeslot)
  - Description Section + Metadata and Digital Object Section (combined)
  - EAS Section
  - Collection Management Tools Section + Acquisition and Appraisal Section (combined)
