# 2020-05-20

## Attendees
Karin, Caitlin, Noah, Cory, Michele, Glenn, Adrian

## Discussion points:
- Tutorial proposals
  - Currently looking at two tutorials, one reviewing the SAA standards revision process and the other focused on submitting feature requests/bugs in GitHub
    - Need to look at the major/minor revision portion of the standards revision process--could get bogged down in its complications; perhaps start with the GitHub tutorial first
    - Suggested that need to be aware of audience, that it is not just technologists but includes many archivists who still use the standard every day
    - While focus might be on GitHub, might also point to the e-mail submission form and other methods of submitting issues
  - Next step would be scripting out the tutorial text, slides could be done using the template from the webinars
  - Noah will start working on scripting for feature request tutorial, and will share with group before the recording is sent on for posting by SAA
- Webinar debrief
  - Video on SAA YouTube channel (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NXNyx9py-I); slides and Q&A summary on GitHub (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/outreach-communications-subteam/webinars)
  - 62 attendees in 1st session; 100 in 2nd session. Exceeded capacity in both cases, after we got started and began recording
  - 3 (!) attendees responded to the survey -- summarized feedback:
    - "Occasionally, I felt that some of the discussion needed to be dumbed down for me. I work with systems that aren't as flexible or integrated as those who work in academic institutions."
    - "I know this was an introductory session, but demos and proofs-of-concepts always add a lot to a meeting."
    - "It would be really helpful to learn how we can incorporate EAC-CPF into everyday workflows. How can archivists connect to EAC-CPF services? Can our finding aids be encoded in a way that connects? So far I've only seen these special projects (SNAC, etc.) but not much info about how joe-schmo-archivist can take part. So a webinar on that would be amazing? Or even an article somewhere. A case study. Something. Perhaps I'm missing that in the wide world of archival publications? Thanks."
    - "Today was about where to find the ongoing work. Since I haven't read through the manual in progress on GitHub, I can only say that I'd like to hear more about the implementation and practical applications. "
    - "A deep dive into EAC-CPF would be great. This is the first time I heard about EAC-F, and am interested in hearing more about that."
- Webinar lessons learned / write-up for TS-EAS and share with SAA
    - Zoom meeting isn't optimal for webinars. 100 attendee limit, limitations on disabling participant webcams, no option to manage registrations (without changing admin-level settings), no option for registrant messaging, no option for custom survey
    - Other observations?
      - Felt that the pacing was good, and helped make it understandable for international audiences
      - Biggest problem was the attendee limit--need to see if SAA might be willing to upgrade their subscription (could include registration management, etc. as well)
- Next webinar?
  - Records in Context (RiC) overview and update? 
    - Comments suggested that there was interest in learning about where things are with RiC, perhaps more information about how it will affect EAS
    - Florence presented on RiC at Berlin meeting, might be something that would be beneficial to present through this forum
    - Felt that we should work with EGAD to have them provide a webinar, that we could then cross-promote (Adrian to reach out)
  - EAC-CPF overview? (in advance of EAC-CPF revision -- later this fall)
    - Comments also seemed to suggest a desire for something introductory--how to use, implement EAC-CPF
  - Other potential topics per Michele (from EAS Section survey)
    - Can you do EAD without an IT specialist? 
    - Value of encoded archival standards--what are they for?
      - EAC-CPF called out, in particular ("intro to EAC-CPF," "intro to EAD"). Let's conduct an environmental scan of existing tutorials/presentations (Kathy Wisser's and Jerry Simmons' tutorials; see if Kerstin has also created them for Archives Portal Europe), so we can point to them if still relevant -- and/or determine if these need to be refreshed. Please add any tutorials/presentations that you find
    - Quarterly update on changes/revisions to standards? "Release notes"
    - Test set of EAD or EAC-CPF files?
- SAA 2020 virtual meeting and Section updates (EAS+Description, Collection Management Tools+Acquisitions & Appraisal, Metadata and Digital Objects)
  - We had set up times on their schedules, but with shift to virtual it is unclear how section meeting scheduling will work
  - As more information becomes available, will need to coordinate with Karin and Mark for presentations
- SAA microsite update proposal
  - Suggested creating a "table of contents" on the microsite page, with links out to the GitHub site or other resource sites, rather than having postings aggregated on page
  - Will continue to work on refining the outline, taking comments over the next month
    - Need to look at system limitations of SAA site, how configurable things are, removing/hiding existing content
- Translations statement / linking to handbook 
  - Added to EAC-CPF site (https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schemata-and-tag-library/); will be added to EAD site (translated tag libraries page, (https://www.loc.gov/ead/eadtranslations.html))
