* Docs™ to Markdown version 2.0β2
* Wed Feb 25 2026 08:36:51 GMT-0800 (Pacific Standard Time)
* Source doc: 2026-02-18/19 Meeting Notes
* Tables are currently converted to HTML tables.
----->



# TS EAS all-member meeting, 2026-02-18

Notetaker: Karin Bredenberg

Slide deck: Slidedeck TS EAS 2026-02-18_19.pdf


## Participants


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Present (Y/N)</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Karin Bredenberg (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mary Samouelian (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ailie Smith
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Alexander Duryee
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Andrew Janes
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Anna Björnsson (Standards liaison) 
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Carmela Furio
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Cory Nimer (Outreach lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Dan Michelson (co-chair of Standards Committee)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Elizabeth Russey-Roke
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eric Sonnenberg
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Florence Clavaud (EGAD liaison, EAD team)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Gerhard Müller (EAC Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Glenn Gardner (EAD Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Heather Lember  (co-chair of Standards Committee)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Iris Lee
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>John Shamgochian (Standards liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kerstin Arnold (EAD lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kolbe Resnick
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mark Custer (Schema lead)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Martin Critelli
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rebecca Hamburgess (Early career member)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Rhys Elia (EAC-CPF lead)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Silke Jagodzinski 
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Venkat Srinivasan
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Yogita Sharma
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ypapanti Kytta
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>李彦霖 Yanlin Li (Ellen)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>?? (EAS Section liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Teresa Mora (Council liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



# Agenda with Notes 18th and 19th of February 2026



* Welcome! (Karin and Mary)
    * Recording starts automatically!
    * Notetaker: Karin Bredenberg
* Updates
    * Standards Committee  (Anna)
        * Webinar about the standards maintenance process have been posted to YouTube
            * [Standards Committee: Demystifying the Standards Maintenance Process for Component Group Leaders](https://youtu.be/CI_vKCdZ83M?si=kz-UhE956MBlMNXk) 
        * Upcoming webinar “There’s a Standard for That!”
            * To give SAA members intro about the different standards that can be used
            * When has not been decided yet
            * EAS standards known but a short intro? 
            * Reach out directly to Anna if you’re interested in participating
    * EAS Section (??)
        * No updates for the EAS section at this time
        * Still no leadership
    * Outreach (Cory)
        * Responsible for the outreach for all of the EAS standards
        * Survey
            * A plan for survey was made in fall 2025 and Outreach team has been discussing it/creating a draft since that time
            * Cover the EAS standards and their use and ways people want to interact to learn
            * Draft is being circulated. **Respond to Cory before 24th of February**
            * The survey will be published in March for about a month
            * Some discussion about change of options to choose occurred - Cory will make some slight changes to the survey as a result of the discussion
        * Archivists of Religious Collections Section
            * Would like a 45 minute introduction tutorial on all the EAS standards
            * Content depends on the Council decision to approve the standards
            * Tentatively scheduled for some time in May
            * Members of outreach team are beginning to plan for the introduction
* Full committee discussion points or updates
    * Updates from the co-chairs
        * Memberships
            * We received a number of applications where some had said TS-EAS and others were open for joining all committees
            * Prior to the SAA deadline, co-chairs sent in recommendation for 5 reappointments and 5 new members (2 international and 3 SAA members)
            * SAA has a new process which will make it possible that appointments happens on a rolling cycle so as soon as appointments for a group is ready appointment letters will be sent out by the SAA vice president
        * Annual meeting 2026 (Wednesday, July 29, 2026 - Saturday, August 1)
            * Submission sent in by co-chairs for session which would cover the release of EAS
            * No expectation for TS-EAS participation in New Orleans (but if you’re planning to attend in person, please do come!)
            * Will be most likely hybrid session (virtual/in-person)
            * We will have our annual TS-EAS meeting some time around these dates. The meeting, like last year, will be all-virtual
        * OHA (Oral History Association) Metadata Working Group Crosswalk Project
            * [https://oralhistory.org/metadata-assessment-and-planning-tool/](https://oralhistory.org/metadata-assessment-and-planning-tool/) 
            * The group is in the work of creating crosswalks to, for example MARC, Dublin Core and more. EAD is included
            * Timeline is to be able to present results for all their groups in August
            * Focus of this work is not mandatory use of elements and attributes, but more on guidance on crosswalks and how to do it
            * Ideally covers how to do for both one oral history interview (recording) or a collection of recordings
            * The EAD group has started off with EAD2002
            * Co-chairs are part of the EAD group and will primarily focus on EAD version 4. Work may also expand out to include some elements from EAC-CPF. Will likely have a first draft of EAD 4 crosswalk sometime in early April
            * Venkat agreed to share his draft paper he created during the EAD revision process, which was focused on how to potentially encode this type of material.
    * Submission package latest news
        * Submission
            * Thanks to all who aided with all the work needed for the final submission of our submission package to the Standards Committee!
            * Standards Committee wrote an introduction to/recommendation for supporting the submission package sent it off to SAA Council
            * It's on the agenda for the SAA Council meeting on the 19th of February
            * Co-chairs will keep an eye on the meeting and report back when they know more
        * New task force
            * The work with the Best Practices Guide (BPG) needs an editorial overview
            * Iris is technically responsible for the BPG, not the editorial aspect of the BPG., Thank you Iris for all your work so far!
            * New task force “Editorial Task Force” is currently being discussed by the co-chairs: 
                * Overview of the BPG as one of our community driven resources
                * Responsible for making sure the articles are ready for publication
                * Co-chairs to create charge and set up the task force
                    * Will be announced at the TS-EAS May meeting
            * Articles to be created by all of the TS-EAS members
    * BPG
        * Iris presented on updates of the BPG since the TS-EAS annual meeting
        * For TS-EAS members, look at the presentation and the internally available recording for extra insight
        * There will likely be some makeovers on the page initiated by the editorial task force
        * Plan to release a first version at the same time as release date of the EAS standards
        * Draft articles are created using a GitHub issue template
            * Will be easy to publish after approval
            * Uses MarkDown
                * This means that all features of MarkDown can be used
                * Hints available in the issue templates
        * GitHub issue templates is also used for suggestions of additions of value lists, updates to articles and a catch all template
        * It will also still be possible to submit using the form provided by SAA and the email to TS-EAS
        * Keep the drafts coming!
        * Is a community resource!
            * Outreach will aid with getting information out and push for the communities participation
        * Layout of the menu was discussed
            * Needs the editorial task force input
* Any other business (time permitting)
    * Nothing today
* Next meeting
    * May 2026 date to be decided

      
