# Meeting, 29 October 2019
Time: 11am EST / 4pm BST / 5pm CEST

## Attendees
- Alex, Kerstin, Mark, Karin, Jess

## Agenda / Minutes
- Review schema-design principles. See https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cMQwd-Yt4DPvC04lMiB3qc_yKnVRuED8n8BkyRNWWg4/edit?usp=sharing

    Reminder that the goal to get this done is first week of February.

- Discuss version 1.1.1 (or should issues 522 and 523 be rolled into minor revision schedule?).  See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/tree/v1.1.1

   - Both bugs should be fixed for 1.1.1.
    - We'll test the six schemas and get that ready for "release" in Github.
    - Alex will get things ready for the 1.1.1 EAD3 Tag Library.
    - Alex will contact LoC about getting updates on their website, once ready.
    - Kersin / EAD group will ready an email annoucement about the patch.
    
    When we go to minor release with 1.2, we won't include the 'deprecated' schemas.

    Moving foward:
   - major revision:  need approval from council, as per usual
   - minor revision:  need approval from standards committee (get our liason on the schema group?)
   - patch revision: only needs approval from TS-EAS

- Review https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/labels/Schematron. Schematron lead? 
   saved for next month.

- Need for automated tests / updated testbed (e.g. an EAD3 document that includes a c12)
    saved for next month. 

## Action items
-  Everyone: expand the sections with one to two sentences.  we'll review next month at our meeting on 11/26.
-  Mark / all:  test the six schemas in the v1.1.1 branch:
    - All schemas (check that foreign is valid in ref)
    - 2 XSD schemas (check that c12 works as it should)
- Alex: add 1.1.1 mileston to any issues for the TL that we want to be released alongside the patch.
-  Mark: ask LoC for an EAD document with c12 elements to add to our test repo.
-  Mark: Add Schemtron issues and Automated testing discussion to November agenda.
