# EAD Subteam Minutes, 2017-12-20
Time: 10 a.m. EST 

### Attendees
- Noah Huffman
- Kathy Wisser
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Wim van Dongen
- Alex Duryee
- Mark Custer

### 1. Introductions (Noah)
- Roll call, new team members
 - Thanked Mike Rush for all contributions to EAD3 effort.

### 2. Coordinating EAD3 1.1 release
- Outline release process workflow / timeline (testing, comment period, tag libray updates, etc.)
- [changes in v1.1](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/blob/3.1-develop/inprocess/version1.1-release-notes-within-comment-node.xml)
- Summary of documentation team meeting from 12/14

### 3. EAD3 1.1 Comment period logistics
- Timing: Second week of January - End February 23?. 
  - Schema Team will notify when testing complete and v1.1 is ready for comment.
  - Comment period will run until end of February (2/28)
  - Noah to compose message re: changes and circulate to EAD list, EAS section list, A&A list (RIP) for comment. Wim to circulate to appropriate channels in Europe
  - Comments can be posted on Github issues or emailed to Noah, Noah will consolidate comments into Github
  - At end of comment period, EAD team will review Github comments, work with Schema team to incorporate changes if necessary

### 4. EAD3 1.1 Tag Library updates
- Identify EAD3 Tag Library liaison to work with Documentation subteam
  - Alex volunteered (coerced?) to serve as TL liaison, make changes to TEI in Tag Library, and communicate changes to Documentation team
- Discuss mechanics for TL updates (pull requests?). See Karin's [document on TL workflow.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lMg-9Zd3Ty-ypgn5zJW-KUxBeXo-EVrPBh6XG4me2rA/edit)
  - Alex will create new branch in github to track TL changes
- How to indicate new features/changes in TL and release notes?
  - Group discussed various options for indicating changes in TL. Seemed to settle on listing all TL changes in addendum to TL preface as well as noting changes in documentation of individual elements / attributes. Group agreed to investigate how other standards (e.g. MODS, TEI) manage incremental changes. Alex / Noah will do some homework and develop a strategy.

### 5. Review SAA micro-site and standards portal info on EAD3
- https://www2.archivists.org/groups/technical-subcommittee-on-encoded-archival-description-ead-disbanded/encoded-archival-description-ead
- Any updates needed? (add github links?)

### 6. Other business?
- Revisit EAD3 implementation survey
  - Wim will review recent responses, follow up with group.

### Action Items
- When EAD3 1.1 testing complete, compose message re: EAD3 comment period and distribute [noah]. Wim will circulate to channels in Europe. Comment period will run to end of February
- Call meeting to review any comments after end of February, work with Schema team to incorporate any changes
- Alex will make tag library updates for new features in v1.1. Notify Documentation team when changes are made.
- Alex / Noah will investigate how other standards manage incremental changes. Will develop strategy for noting new features, changes.
- Noah will review info about EAD on SAA microsites and Standards Portal, recommend any changes to Cory and documentation team (add links to github)
- Wim will review recent responses to EAD3 implementation survey, provide update to group. We should have follow-up discussion on conducting another round of the survey, possibly asking for consent to use responses (follow up with Kathy about this)
- Long Term: Noah will document process/workflow for managing incremental releases to EAD
- Long Term: Investigate use of ODD to consolidate management of schemas and tag libraries into a single document. This is the TEI model. Noah will ask Hugh Cayless at Duke for any info/opinions on ODD.
