# EAD Subteam Minutes, 2018-03-26
Time: 10 a.m. EST

### How to Join
- JOIN WEBEX MEETING
- https://dukeuniversity.webex.com/dukeuniversity/j.php?MTID=mdc3873120394f7f76117d6440e6df5fd
- Meeting password: ead3

### Attendees:
- Noah, Wim, Silke, Alex, Mark Custer (Schema team lead), Kathy Wisser (TS-EAS co-chair)


### Review and discuss comments on EAD3 1.1 changes [Noah]:
- Should new feature requests be considered for EAD3 1.1 release? (e.g. [#517](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/517))?
-- Decided that new feature requests (#515, #517) are out of scope for the pending 1.1.0 release; these requests will be evaluated for the following release
- General discussion of process for rolling updates to EAD3, ideal release cycle
-- Discussed need for policies, documentation, proposed timeline or iterative releases to EAD3
-- Noah will put together a draft of document outlining ideal release process (and dependencies) and present draft to this group and SAA standards comm. for feedback
-- Generally, the release process will follow these basic steps:
1. Solicit feature requests / bug reports from community (manage in github)
2. TS EAD discusses / evaluates requests; identifies those to be included in a release
3. Modify schema as needed, test internally, and issues a release candidate
4. Advertise RC to community, ask for testers
5a. Run comment period on changes to be included in release
5b. Edit tag libraries as needed, clearly indicating set of changes in appendix and inline
6. Discuss, evaluate any comments submitted (only those that relate specifically to features included in release or bugs); fix reported bugs, make other changes as appropriate
7. Finalize schema and tag libraries for release; coordinate with Library of Congress and Standards Committee to issue release, update websites containing documentation
8. Publicize availability of new release.
9. Rinse and repeat.
-- Release numbering scheme: 1.1.0 (new feature release), 1.1.1 (bugfix release), 1.1.3 (bugfix release), 1.2.0 (new feature release), etc.

- Discuss submitted issues: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues (see #515 and #517)
-- Issue #515 - attribute and element have the same name, creates problems for auto code-creation tools like JAXB. Mark
--- XML doesn't require attribute and element names to be unique
--- attribute and element are in a different namespace in this case, so it should be possible for a tool to differentiate
--- Mark suggested contacting JAXB community to see if this issue has been encountered/handled before (not really a bug in the EAD3 schema)
--- TS-EAD should decide whether or not we need a policy whereby attribute names and elements must be unique in schema
-- Issue #517 - make objectxmlwrap available in c/cxx
--- Use case is desire to use external standards (e.g. VRA core) and markup for more robust item level description
--- Kathy argued that if objectxmlwrap is added as child of c/cxx it should not replace <did>.  <did> should be required, making objectxmlwrap either a valid child of <did> or an optional sibling of <did>.  In either case, <did> should still be required.
--- Mark noted that currently objectxmlwrap allows elements from any namespace NOT EAD (this is not how it's handled in EAC-CPF schema). Should strive for consistency here.
--- Group felt that this proposal, while unlikely to be controversial, probably needs more community input and investigation. Suggested that after 1.1.0 release, we publicize this proposal on EAD list to solicit community input (e.g. is this desirable, do you have use case for this?). Also discussed possibility of some kind of thumbs up/ thumbs down rating system for such proposals (with thumbs having attribution!!).


### Tag Library updates [Alex]
- Alex has updated TEI version of TL used to generate all TL derivatives (HTML, PDF, etc.)
- This is the first time using this process to update TLs.
- Changes included in 1.1.0 release will be indicated in preface, in an appendix itemizing the changes, and inline where they occur (e.g. "revised in 1.1.0 release"). For subsequent releases, we plan to remove in-line notes for changes in previous release, but keep changelog for all releases in appendix.
- Group agreed that bugfixes don't require TL updates.

### Action items - next steps for releasing EAD3 v1.1.0 [all]
- Clean up any outstanding Github issues [Mark]
- Contact Glenn at Library of Congress re: updating LoC documentation, ask Glenn about timeframe for updates, release announcements, etc. [Alex]
- Contact Standards Committee liaison, notify of pending release, tag library updates, etc. CC Kathy and Karin on message [Noah]
- Publicize new release when everything is in place [Noah, all]
- Develop draft document outlining ideal release cycle and dependencies, share with group and Standards Comm. for input [Noah]
- Comment on #517 based on group discussion; solicit additional community feedback on #517, use as a model for getting more input on similar feature requests [Noah]

