ts-ead ead3 schema update notes....

step 0 (list all the remote branches)
git branch -r 

first...  
create new branch... e.g. 3.1-develop

step1 (create local branch)
git checkout -b 3.1-develop

step2 (add it to origin)
git push origin 3.1-develop 

step3 (make sure that you can pull and push to the same source)
git branch --set-upstream 3.1-develop origin/3.1-develop

(if you need to delete that branch for any reason, you can do so by typing:
git push origin :3.1-develop)

step4...  let's do an octupus merge! (or merge one at at time)
this time around...  make sure i'm still on the new development branch, then
git pull origin issue_#499
git pull origin issue_#485 issue_#507
git pull origin issue_505 issue_506

(worked fine with the octupus merge again, but this time i received the following warnings:
warning: LF will be replaced by CRLF in inprocess/ead_revised_defs.rng.
The file will have its original line endings in your working directory.

is this due to windows/unix issues???)

before generating the new schemas, i'll push everything back to Github, like so:

step5 (as long as you're on the same branch)
git push  

step 6 
update "all_elements.txt" if new elements have been added.  we should look at automating this, but i haven't done that yet.

step 7... (now time to try and re-generate those schemas on my local branch!!!)
run "sh mk_schemas.sh"....  but,
get an unable to access jarfile /Users/myname/Dropbox/xml/tools/saxon/saxon9.jar
so...  i need to udpate the "incelim" file.
fixed that...  but i actually need to have an "ead3-driver-compiled.rng" file first... 
so, how to generate that?
problem was with the new version of saxon9HE...?  
i updated the incelim file and everything worked after that...
is there a way to package the saxon jar here, or call it another way, so that we don't have to edit the incelim file?
but we need to address file naming, since when i ran the update, it deleted the old files, which doesn't seem right.

step 8...  fix the dtd.  not sure if i had to do anything else here outside of what the incelim file specified.

step 9...  xsd time.

java -jar trang.jar -o disable-abstract-elements -o any-process-contents=lax -o any-attribute-process-contents=lax ../ead-3-10.rng ead-3-10_step1.xsd

step 10... convert with deglobalize

step 11.. (not done yet)... do the same for the undeprecated schemas?