# TS EAS all-member meeting, 2025-05-21

Notetaker: Yogita Sharma

Slide deck: TS EAS 2025-05-21


## Participants


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Present (Y/N)</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Karin Bredenberg (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mary Samouelian (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ailie Smith
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Alexander Duryee
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Andrew Janes
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Cory Nimer (Outreach lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Dan Michelson (co-chair of Standards Committee; sitting-in for Lara Michels)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Elizabeth Russey-Roke
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eric Sonnenberg
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Erick Cardoso
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Florence Clavaud (EGAD liaison, EAD team)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Gerhard Müller (EAC Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Glenn Gardner (EAD Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Iris Lee
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Janaya Kizzie (EAS Section liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kerstin Arnold (EAD lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kolbe Resnick
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Lara Michels (Standards liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Lydia Tang (Council liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Marie Elia (EAC-CPF lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mark Custer (Schema lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Martin Critelli
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Otshidile Patience Tshegetsang
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Silke Jagodzinski 
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Venkat Srinivasan
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Yogita Sharma (Early career member)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ypapanti Kytta
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>李彦霖 Yanlin Li (Ellen)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Greg Wiedeman
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



# 


# Agenda with Notes, 21st of May 2025



* Welcome! (Karin)
    * Recording starts automatically!
* Notetaker
    * Yogita Sharma
* DaDoCM (Greg Wiedeman) 
    * Greg Wiedeman gives an overview of DadoCM (Delivering Archives and Digital Objects: a Conceptual Model), which is a system agnostic, high level conceptual model focussed on connections between archival objects and their digital manifestation.
    * Links to DaDoCM ArcLight Integration website and DaDoCM draft: 
        * [https://archives.albany.edu/web/arclight_integration/updates/dadocm.html](https://archives.albany.edu/web/arclight_integration/updates/dadocm.html)
        * Community feedback requested by: June 16, 2025
* Memberships (co-chairs)
    * No updates on membership submission to SAA.
    * Following SAA guidelines, two members, Erick Cardoso and Otshidile Tshegetsang have been removed from the TS-EAS roster due to inactive participation. 
    * In April, submitted a request for hosting an Early Career Member. 
* Timeline  (co-chairs)
    * Current status
        * We are finished consolidating the TS-EAS timelines using Google Sheets, We’re still on track with the current timeline.
        * This is going to be a very busy summer and fall!
        * Co-chairs will be working towards the goal of handing the first draft of the submission packet over to the Standards Committee by September 30th. 
* Annual Meeting 2025  (co-chairs)
    * SAA annual meeting 2025 - reminders
        * Our appointed group meeting will take place on 22nd of July at noon EST
            * Update regarding TS-EAS
        * Our meeting on-line will take place:
            * Monday, August 11th  – Thursday, August 14th, 9 a.m. - 2 p.m. EST.
            * Zoom invites have been sent - please let us know if you haven’t received the invite.
            * Co-leads will begin work on agenda over the summer.
    * Invitations
        * Are available for download within Google Drive
* Reports and status updates follow after this from team/subteam leads and liaisons
* Standards Committee (Karin filling in for Lara)
    * Standards Annual Meeting, July 23, 1 - 2:30 p.m. CST. 
        * [https://societyofamericanarchivists-316.my.webex.com/societyofamericanarchivists-316.my/j.php?MTID=mcbbf163289fb755558cac7a0df7011e7](https://societyofamericanarchivists-316.my.webex.com/societyofamericanarchivists-316.my/j.php?MTID=mcbbf163289fb755558cac7a0df7011e7)
        * Password: SMqm6JMMP72
    * Standards is analyzing results of the survey sent out this spring. The co-chairs will report out on the survey at the Annual Meeting in July.
    * Standards is going to replace the [Standards Development form](https://www2.archivists.org/standards/proposal-for-standards-development) on the SAA website with a Google form for easier editing and management.
    * Standards is discussing to have a regular, annual session for groups maintaining standards to orient and inform about process and procedure.
* Encoded Archival Contexts-Functions (EAC-F) (Karin)
    * Working with the TL and issues for schema creation
        * Currently the TL elements and attributes is being edited
        * Editorial text in the TL’s beginning and end will be created during the summer
    * Notes: 
        * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/functions-subteam/meeting-minutes](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/functions-subteam/meeting-minutes)
* Encoded Archival Context - Corporate Bodies, Persons, Families (EAC-CPF) (Marie)
    * Responsible for schema (files) & documentation
    * Consists of 6 members, US-based  & international
    * Meets monthly via Zoom
        * 1st Thursday, 11:00am/12:00pm UTC (i.e. 7:00am EDT/EST, 10:00pm AEST/11:00pm AEDT)
    * Team timeline
        * The EAC-CPF-specific timeline currently extends only until the 2025 meeting.
        * Our main task is to make any changes required for EAC-CPF / EAD4 alignment.
        * After the EAD4 comments periods, we will have more tasks.
    * Documentation
        * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/eaccpf-subteam](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/tree/master/eaccpf-subteam)
        * [https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/)
* Encoded Archival Description (EAD) (Kerstin)
    * Responsible for developing the standard conceptually and input into Schema team and Tag Library and Best Practices Guide Task Force towards the standard’s presentation formats
    * Consists of 10 active members (more international than US-based)
    * Monthly meetings
        * Currently: fourth Friday each month; usually 1.5 hours, 1pm UTC 
    * Always open for new members with fresh eyes and new perspectives
    * What’s happened since February 2025
        * February monthly meeting: final decisions to be reflected in draft 0.2 of EAD 4.0
            * Removing @base - possibility to include attributes from other namespaces, enables EAS users to include @xml:base instead - decision to still keep an EAS version of the @id attribute (instead of @xml:id) as there’s significantly more evidence of this being used than @base
            * Not renaming @linkRole despite the decision that roles should be encoded in elements - originates from @xlink:role - to be looked at as part of the next major revision including all EAS
            * Keeping &lt;container> as a sub-element of &lt;identificationData> as well as allowing it within &lt;formAvailable> - thanks again to everyone who shared encoding examples for &lt;container>
            * Putting suggestion on rethinking dates on the agenda of the all-Committee meeting in May - see separate topic later
        * March meeting: preparing the call for comments
            * Concluding the decision on @localType following the Committee-wide survey
            * Reviewing announcement text and documentation
        * Towards the final call for comments
            * Testing the schema
            * Finalising the list of EAS values for attributes - review pending for some - to be concluded as part of preparing EAD 4.0 for submission to Standards Committee
            * Updating the Tag Library for draft 0.2 of EAD 4.0
            * Creating and updating example files
    * What’s next
        * Reviewing and deciding upon feedback received during call for comments (closed on 16 May)
            * Received 16 new comments in total (two via webform, the rest via GitHub)
            * 9 relate to the schema (1 identified as irrelevant afterwards), 7 to the tag library (2 were straightforward bugs and have been set to “implement” already; 1 requires clarification from the issue submitter)
            * There are various issues around clarifying the use of formAvailable for specific existing use cases of (digital) instantiations plus a handful of issues dealing with other single elements
            * See GitHub for the list of [Schema issues](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20milestone%3A%22Final%20EAD%204.0%20for%20submission%20to%20SAA%20(Standards%20Committee%20and%20Council)%22) and the list of [Tag Library issues](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20milestone%3A%22Final%20EAD%204.0%20for%20submission%20to%20SAA%20(Standards%20Committee%20and%20Council)%22) (some of these  might become Best Practices Guide issues)
            * Complete overview in the [GitHub project](https://github.com/orgs/SAA-SDT/projects/1) or the internal issue tracking Google Drive spreadsheet
        * Updating schema, transformation, and Tag Library alongside review
            * Collaboration with Schema team and TL and BPG task force
            * Deadline: 30 June
        * Finalisation of Best Practices Guide updates and other documentation
            * Collaboration with TL and BPG task force
            * Deadline: 31 July
        * See complete timeline for all details
* Schema (Mark)
    * 5 team members, US-based & International
        * Mark (chair), Karin, Alex, Iris, Eric
    * Meet every third Friday of the month at 10 a.m. EST via Zoom
        * With additional Schema-planning meetings scheduled on:
            * June 2nd, Monday
            * June 25th, Wednesday
    * New GitHub Project approach for schema releases:
        * e.g., [https://github.com/orgs/SAA-SDT/projects/3](https://github.com/orgs/SAA-SDT/projects/3)
    * Meeting notes at Google Drive
    * Everything else on GitHub at:
        * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas/tree/development](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas/tree/development)
        * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schematrons/tree/development](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schematrons/tree/development)
        * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-transformations/tree/development](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-transformations/tree/development)
* Task Force: Tag Library/Best Practices
    * Home base: GitHub
        * [Tag Library](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries)
            * Defines the use and constraints of elements and attributes within an EAS standard
        * [Best Practice Guide](https://saa-sdt.github.io/EAS-Best-Practices/)
            * Living resource providing helpful explanations, guidelines and examples for encoding descriptions across EAS schemas
            * Community-driven practices representing the best of all of us!
            * Submit examples: [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-Best-Practices/issues](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-Best-Practices/issues)
            * Want to contribute? Email Iris.
    *  Task Force Team:
        * Ailie Smith, University of Melbourne
        * Alex Duryee, Harvard University
        * Iris Lee, AMNH Library
* Outreach and Communications (Cory)
    * Recent Activity
        * EAD revision public postings
        * Available to assist other teams in revision process
* Full committee discussion points or updates follow after this
* Further investigations into oXygen templates and Adobe XMP? (prepared by the Schema Team, Mark reporting)
    * Links to GitHub
        * [https://github.com/oxygenxml/ead](https://github.com/oxygenxml/ead)
        * [https://github.com/adobe-dmeservices/custom-metadata](https://github.com/adobe-dmeservices/custom-metadata)
    * Karin to meet with oXygen in a month’s time and might ask them how they are looking at templates moving forward
* Future developments of Dates in the EAS Standards? (drafted by the Schema Team, Mark reporting)
    * Decision to prepare a topic paper to simplify dates following the Schema Team’s discussion on developments of dates in EAS Standards.
* No other business items.
* Thank you!
