# Meeting, 28 April 2020
Time: 9 a.m. EST / 3 p.m. CEST

## Attendees
- Kerstin, Karin, Mark, Alex, Eric

## Agenda / Minutes
- Confirm removal of "xml" namespace decision from previous meeting
    - All (still) agreed!
- Review remaining questions deferred to us from Berlin meeting (see below)
  - Re: Schematron
    - We'll start by including the same ISO-lookups as the EAD3 schematron
    - As for the maintenance date, rather than going with 2099, we'll look into using current datetime as the max value
    - As for machine-readable descriptive dates, we'll aim for enforcing ISO:8601:2019
    - If other standards, like IETF BCP 47, are required in the schematron (https://www.w3.org/International/articles/language-tags/) then someone will need to create a GitHub issue.  
  - Regarding mixed content, we can support whatever is required for EAD and EAC in the schemas.  So, up to EAC to decide on how much harmonization is desired. For further discussion, see: https://listserv.loc.gov/cgi-bin/wa?A2=ind1205&L=EAD&D=0&X=FA6D0164DC0CCBCCDA&P=19201 (note that the decision to embed EAD into EAC-CPF)
  - Discussion of @localtype and @type tabled until next meeting, as we ran out of time.

- Quick update on GitHub workflow discussion (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g_D7-Av7XqBPek_H1SYp_8X3siKAk8ahKttRo_G9mzY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Goal to have the first draft of a testable schema for EAC-CPF 2.0 in early June.
- Review "design principles" draft.  See: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zAgxp5PjX9XvcnXyORw5ZFp2JtUlm-VXYnS4L6eCIpk/edit?usp=sharing
  - Keep editing!
  - Plan to tidy up the draft in time for the May 15 TS-EAS meeting, and introduce the document there, with a goal of finalizing the document at the August meeting.
- Next steps before TS-EAS meeting in May?
  - Tabled until next meeting


## Issues referred to Schema team from EAC-CPF revision meeting in Berlin
- Introduction of Schematron to EAC-CPF
  - Results from decision to set up &lt;control> in the same way as in EAD3
  - Check which ISO standards to use (e.g. choose language codes that are most supportive with regard to accessibility) and where there are detailed definitions in (one of) the schemas at the moment (e.g. @standarddatetime for &lt;eventdatetime> in EAD3 limits the values to a maximum of 2099 for the year part)
- Technical options to deal with different content models of shared elements, e.g. EAD3 elements that use m.mixed.basic vs. EAC-CPF elements that only have TEXT or, maybe, &lt;span>  
  - Dealing with the differences only at the point of publishing the respective schema files, but defining both EAS in the same way
  - Exploring the option to allow users to include XHTML instead
    - Might go along with exploring the option to allow users to add their own attributes
- The use of @localtype
  - Question referred to the Schema Team: is there a good argument to not allow @localtype within &lt;control>? Or could it be within &lt;control> as well as within &lt;...desc(ription)> / &lt;relations>?
  - Question referred to TS-EAS as a whole (May meeting): change back from @localtype to @type as well as reverting back from context-specific @...type attributes?
    - Follow-up question for the Schema Team (depending on the decision made at the May meeting): if we keep context-specific @...type attributes, do we agree to establish a design principle that these would always need to come with a predefined values list?

## Action items
- Add @localtype and @type discussion to next meeting (Mark)
- Add "next steps" discussion to next meeting (Mark)
- Review and edit the draft of Schema Design Principles over the next two weeks (All)
- Create new issues in GitHub for the two schematron / date-related developments suggested.
