# Meeting, 15 September 2020
Time: 9 a.m. EST / 3 p.m. CEST

## Attendees
- Kerstin, Karin, Mark, Alex, Iris, Eric

## Agenda / Minutes
- Welcome Iris!
- EAC draft schema overview: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/tree/development
  - update develop branch with September decisions from EAC team.
- Discuss next steps / preparing for our December Deliverables:
  - update schema
    - settle any outstanding EAD/EAC harmonization issues, e.g. “xml:lang” (deadline October meeting). See https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/issues/151
    - review each issue before sending to EAC team for review. https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eac-cpf-schema/projects/1
      - Proposal: The EAC team will prep the issues based on final decisions; once each issue is ready, the schema team will sign off on each (adding those to the Schema Review swim lane) after checking conformance with the development branch of the XSD and RNG schema deliverables. EAC team will also review based on conformance with TL and schema (which should be in a draft release branch by that point). 
      - Note (added after the meeting): We should also settle on a test corpus of EAC documents by that time, with a group of valid as well as invalid files. Ideally, the test corpus could/should include all examples from the TL.
    - once reviewed, we will create a release branch 2.0-draft.
  - tag library publication process updates needed / desired (e.g. add definitions to schema from TEI)?
    - note: will look into adding a similar sort of build process for the TL.
    - Would also be interesting to see if we can add definitions from the TL to the schemas once everything is done, but that won't be needed for the December release.
  - EAC 1.x —> 2.0 data mapping / transformation (set up new repo, but let's start with a spreadsheet mapping first). See https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u2VV1nxK80kM_DUWcCvuVhk1z8-y0kwbEtqxFVrKtqk/edit?usp=sharing
  - Schematron for EAC (start with adding "schematron" label to EAC issues, e.g. https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues?q=+label%3ASchematron+)

- EAS Validator overview: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-validator
  - time ran out, but just a note that we can also share this service with the December call for comments.


## Action items
- Follow up with EAC team regarding proposed review process (Mark)
- Set up a new branch to review xml:lang/etc. Goal to have a final decision on by October/November.
- EAC 1.x -> 2.0 mapping (all)
- Add Schematron discussions to October meeting agenda
