<!-- Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts! -->


# 2022-09-28 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin, Elizabeth


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark, Mpho


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points
    * Elizabeth have made an example and provided some thoughts in the notes from last time.
* Discussion
    * The relation element should not be used for relating functions described in the functions document together.
    * The relation element is for pointing to functions/agents/resources and so on that are described in their own document.
    * The function hierarchy is a description part!
    * Do we need to make it possible to do in two ways?
        * Way one, one function per file and using the relation elements to relate to other functions and resources.
        * Way two, have the possibility to create a hierarchy within the document like a similar way that the c-element works in EAD but here named functionSomething
* Plan to move forward
    * Investigate how a changed name or a replacement of a function would impact
        * Superseded
* Action points
    * Elizabeth will update the example based upon the discussion today and send out a mail saying the update is available
    * Dia will when the example is available look at how it would work with supeseded and a connection to a new agent.
    * The rest, look into the example and see if there are elements that Elizabeth have put in the example that already exist in EAC-CPF so we can reuse definitions and the element.
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 12th of October 2022, 4pm CEST
