# 2022-08-03 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin, Elizabeth


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark, Mpho


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points
    * Elizabeth has updated the Glasgow XML example following created the mockup
* Discussion
    * Looking at the relations in ISDF we conclude that a relation to a function is not different from a relation to something else and will be testing both types using the same relation element originating in EAC-CPF v2.0.
    * We aim to use the relation from EAC-CPF!
    * Some of the relation elements found in the ISDF examples contain extra information not always easy to know where to place. For example information that states that two relations are parallel. More investigation is needed here.
    * Do all these different relations and how they are described, as being sometimes bi-directional require an element in between?
    * Is it needed to give information about the order of relations?
    * There is a need to look into EAC-CPF and update the Glasgow example and see if the encoding can be made in an more understandable way
    * Is it possible to group relations into one relation so the agent, activity and record that are part of the same relation is just one relation? 
        * Not as of today using relation from EAC-CPF
    * A result from the work might be suggested changes to the relation element and its descriptions so it is suitable to use for both EAC-CPF and functions. 
* Plan to move forward
    * We will continue testing the mockup.
* Action points
    * Elizabeth will update the Glasgow examples relations following a read through of the new version of EAC-CPF, [https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html) to get a better understanding of the relation element. At the same time a look at some other vocabularies will be made.
    * Dia will look into the French example since we need a more advanced example.
    * The rest of the team look at the mockups, and look at the new version of EAC-CPF.
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 17th of August 2022, 4pm CEST
