<!-- Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts! -->


# 2022-08-17 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin, Elizabeth, Mpho


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points
    * Elizabeth has updated the Glasgow XML example following the discussion
    * Dia and Elizabeth have both made the French example and the conclusion is that both independently have solved problems the same way.
    * Elizabeth has created an issue list using the relation element taken directly from EAC-CPF version 2 which will guide today's discussion.
* Discussion
    * First an observation from Elizabeth regarding relations in RiC, they are in some cases very specific and have rules attached to them that makes the usage cumbersome.
    * There is no way to put in a URI for the targetType.  Allowed values are only text.  We need to be able to record what type of thing the targetEntity is (i.e. "https://www.ica.org/standards/RiC/ontology#Activity/" )
        * The closest mapping for the entity type URI would be &lt;targetRole>, but the definition doesn't really fit: "An optional child element of &lt;relation> used to specify the role of a related entity with respect to the CPF entity being described." Also entity type URI isn't a role (which implies the entity is an agent that performs a role).  Suggest that we add a new attribute to EAC-CPF, which, frankly, probably is needed for it to be linked data ready.
* Using the examples in EAC-CPF: [https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-targetRole](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-targetRole) , there's not a way to declare that the grandfather is a person other than through text.  There needs to be a way to give a value for this.
* Could we create @targetTypeURI within &lt;targetEntity> for this?
    * The mapping of the maintenance event types and the status (i.e. 5.4.4, 5.4.5) in the control element aren't perfect because the event types and publication status are a controlled value set. There is a need for more values.
        * Suggestion list for values to add will be created
    * References within &lt;source> do not have a date associated with them to be able to document the date the href site was accessed.
        * Suggestion for adding @lastDateTimeVerified to the source element in control will be made.
    * There is no great place to put both the relationType URI + the value.  As it stands now, the only way to do it is put the value (associative, hierarchical, etc.) in the element and the URI in @valueURI.
        * Suggestion for an addition of an optional attribute for this value in element relationType will be made. 
    * Need a way to record the legislation that mandates the function (with identifier, description, and date; possibly country?)
        * Is addressed through @valueURI in &lt;mandate>
    * When recording targetRole for agents, we need a bit more freedom in what we can put in the element.  Recommendation is for controlled vocabularies.  Need to also figure out what the proper relation type would be for some of these.
        * Definition for Functions TL will need to be written so its functions focused.
    * No way to connect agents, functions, and resources within the EAF record.  We can only list them.  We cannot say, for instance, an agency created a particular record.  (See the French(5) example XML)
        * More discussion on this subject.
    * relationType valueURI: only generic relation RIC properties could be used /are permitted.
        * Descriptions of which values to use needs to be part of the TL.
    * Relations type does not give details and the relation direction
        * Clear descriptions of the relations being one-directional needs to be made.
* Plan to move forward
    * We will continue the tests and discussions
* Action points
    * All to think about and look into a function relation to a resource and test if all that's needed can be described.
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 31st of August 2022, 4pm CEST
