# 2022-01-12 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Elizabeth, Karin, Mpho


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points \
There are summary documents available for the team in Google Drive.
    * RiC (Elizabeth)
        * Is integrating all the ICA Standards related to archival description and some more.
        * The activity is found in what is called Events.
        * Complex
        * The terms might be possible to reuse
        * Focus on relations
    * EAD (Mpho)
        * The element function is available in a lot of places in EAD
        * The function might get a different meaning depending upon where it is placed even if it has just one description
        * Is described as an access point but the examples dont show that
    * EAC-CPF (Karin) 
        * Both versions are similar
        * Functions are only in one place
        * More description of the function given in each EAC-CPF entity
        * Possible to have a relation described to a function
        * Not possible to build function hierarchies
    * ISO (DIA)
        * A lot of terms that have been defined
        * Joost have made a comparison between all the function standards from ICA and TS EAS
        * A list of relevant standards with functions and description of them have been made. Need some more work.
        * Important to have in mind that the ISO standards differentiates between processes in the records management and business context. For us we need to cover both
* Action points
    * Can activities relate to each other in RiC? (Elizabeth)
    * Continuation with the ISO standards (Dia)
    * Examples on functions (Mpho and Karin)
    * Are there examples of functions in Atom? (Karin)
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 26h of January 2022, 3pm CET
