<!-- Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts! -->


# 2022-08-31 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin, Elizabeth


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark, Mpho


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points
    * Thinking has been made regarding the functions relation to a resource.
* Discussion
    * Karin showed the Swedish archival regulation for agencies which is based upon the activities the agency performs. 
        * [https://riksarkivet.se/verksamhetsbaserad-arkivredovisning](https://riksarkivet.se/verksamhetsbaserad-arkivredovisning) 
        * On page 13 in the PDF there is an image showing the relation between the functions and the finding aid.
            * Handlingsslag -> group of document types
            * Handlingstyp -> Type of document
        * Looking at this, a relation to be able to say that this function/activity creates these kind of documents might be needed
        * Philosophical question:  Is it necessary to point to all the created documents in the function/activity?
    * An agent can have a relation to more than one function and activity.
    * How is the relation from a function to an object?
    * A function can change, what happens then?
        * A need for being able to give different descriptions with different timings ins needed
    * How “deep” is a “relation” going? Is it always on the lowest level?
    * Functions are more stable than the agent. How does this impact the description?
        * Timing in relation to the agent.
    * Looking at structures of function/activity
        * Sequence?
        * Hierarchy?
        * Linearity? Mostly for the process
    * Is it the narrative text for a function/activity that should be the focus and then this narrative can have a relation to other “things”?
    * Does the process need to be described too?
    * Will all be able to create one function/activity document for all the parts in the full process description?
        * Can this element in EAC-CPF be something to replicate for a simple description of the highest level?  [https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-structureOrGenealogy](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-structureOrGenealogy)  
    * There is no standardized way for describing functions and that is what ISDF is trying to solve.
    * We see a need for describing the evolution of the function/activity and being able to change one function with another. 
        * Version history in the description?
        * The relations?
    * Karin showed the guideline accompanying the Swedish regulation where how to find your processes are described.
        * [https://riksarkivet.se/Media/pdf-filer/V%C3%A4gledning%20f%C3%B6r%20processorienterad%20informationskartl%C3%A4ggning.pdf](https://riksarkivet.se/Media/pdf-filer/V%C3%A4gledning%20f%C3%B6r%20processorienterad%20informationskartl%C3%A4ggning.pdf) 
        * See especially page 19 in the PDF
* Plan to move forward
    * We will continue the tests and discussions
* Action points
    * The page 19 process example will be translated to English by Karin and serve as a basis for further testing
    * The rest to test the translation and will discuss the results
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 14th of September 2022 is canceled
    * Wednesday 28th of September 2022, 4pm CEST

ERR notes:
* A partial XML example to be discussed has been created 
* I don't know that the relations element works if we want to describe subfunctions within the same document.  I think we should only use &lt;relations> if we are pointing to an external resource.  Otherwise, we need a different element like &lt;event>, &lt;activity>, &lt;function>, etc.
* I might structure thus:

&lt;activity Type="https://www.ica.org/standards/RiC/ontology#isOrWasSubeventOf" URI="">

&lt;description>

&lt;relation> (relationship to agent)

&lt;relation> (sequencing relationships)

&lt;relation> (relationship to resulting document)

**this is close to how premis models events, which are date/time-based, so not sure it applies here. (https://www.loc.gov/standards/premis/ontology/pdf/premis3-owl-guidelines-20220426.pdf) 
