<!-- Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts! -->


# 2022-06-01 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin, Elizabeth, Mpho


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from last meetings actions points
    * Karin created the relation.xml draft and informed all about it
    * Elizabeth started to use the draft but got into questions about relations and how they should be described
    * Dia created a draft for the last time for the relation elements following ISDF which we used for the following discussion.
* Discussion
    * Do we need to be able to say more about the relation than what can be done in EAC-CPF and the new relation element?
        * Yes. We need to take into account the relation Type in ISDF with its values hierarchical / associative / temporal.
    * targetRole, is this really relevant for functions? Is it the same as relationType?
        * In the discussion we came to a no but if it is in the relation element it needs to stay but we won't recommend the use
        * We are more after a description of the relationship than the role of the relation. It might add confusion to reuse the name role.
* Plan to move forward
    * We will continue testing the relation element.
    * We will test creating an element targetRelationship which mimics targetEntity to be able to give the information we want.
    * We need an xml example of the whole function using control, the elements for describing the function and the relations. \
Treat function and activity as equals 
* Action points
    * Karin will update the current XML example for relation with the targetRelationship.
    * Karin will create a similar XML example for the control element
    * Karin will create a full draft for the XML example function where all will need to aid with the description elements
    * The rest of the team will continue with testing the results
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * We decided to cancel the next meeting being on the 8th of June.
    * Wednesday 22th of June 2022, 4pm CEST (at this meeting we will discuss the meetings during the summer)
