# TS EAS all-member meeting, 2024-05-22

Notetaker: Mary

Slide deck: TS EAS 2024-05-22.pdf


## Participants


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Present (Y/N)</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mary Samouelian (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Karin Bredenberg (Co-chair)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Silke Jagodzinski 
   </td>
   <td>(on leave)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Cory Nimer (Outreach team lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Alexander Duryee
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kerstin Arnold (EAD team lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ailie Smith
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Glen Gardner (EAD Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Gerhard Müller (EAC Web liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Lara Michels (Standards liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Iris Lee
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Otshidile Patience Tshegetsang
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Andrew Janes
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Ypapanti Kytta
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mpho Ngoepe
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Venkat Srinivasan
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Elizabeth Russey-Roke
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mark Custer (Schema team lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Erick Cardoso
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Marie Elia (EAC-CPF team lead)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Martin Critelli
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>李彦霖 Yanlin Li (Ellen)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Kelly Revak (EAS Section liaison 23-24)
   </td>
   <td>N (will not be returning)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Janaya Kizzie (EAS Section liaison 23-24)
   </td>
   <td>Y
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Lydia Tang (Council liaison)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Florence Clavaud (EGAD liaison, EAD team)
   </td>
   <td>N
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



# Agenda with Notes 22nd of May 2024



* Welcome (Karin and Mary)
    * Notetaker: Mary
* Standards Committee (Lara (Karin))
    * Annual meeting will be on July 16th - everyone is welcome to join, but need to sign up. They are still planning the rest of the agenda, but are still in the process of revising instructions for what needs to be in the submission package for revisions. This includes DEIA.
    * Still waiting response re: RiC and ICA after consultation with SAA leadership
    * Multiple standards are being worked on (see the presentation slides for the list)
    * Annual report from TS EAS is due by the end of August, so team leads please make sure all of your slides are updated to make this process easier!
* EAS Section liaison (Janaya)
    * Currently is the sole chair of the group - still figuring out and regrouping. Janaya is now part of the TS EAS outreach team, so please let us know how we can help.
* Updates from the co-chairs (Karin)
    * TS EAS has an approved session at the SAA annual meeting. 
    * We have an agenda for our TS EAS meeting. We have been aggressive in pushing the invitations to go out soon, so hopefully this will happen soon.
    * Still waiting on hearing from SAA on the 2 financial requests. This was supposed to be at the May council meeting but pushed into the June meeting. Hopefully we will hear soon thereafter.
    * Still waiting to hear on new appointments or early career members.
    * A lot of other work going on for TS EAS including call for comments for Functions and EAD, the annual report to Standards and revision planning.
* EAD revision(Kerstin)
    * Reviewed what has happened since February including all of the various avenues/channels for the call for comments. Haven’t received any comments yet, but hopefully will pick up soon (typically we have an uptick in the last couple of weeks in the call for comments timeframe).
    * Please share the call for comments via your national channels and personal professional channels.
    * Reviewed what the call for comments currently includes such as the infographic, Descriptive Notes blog, textual description (editorial) of the main aspects of the new version (more high level), and revision notes (much more detailed).
    * Provided details on the EAD 4.0 draft schema, transformation notes, schema tables, including changes between EAD4 and EAD 3, and finally have provided example files. 
    * Quite a few supporting activities going on including open “drop in” sessions; have done 2, but there are 2 more coming. 
    * Reviewed all of the activities of the EAD team including drafting Tag Library, revision notes, transformation notes, more example files, draft conversion from EAD 3 to EAD 4 and best practices extensions for EAD 4.0.
    * How can TS EAS members help?
        * EAD 2002 based documentation
        * Adapting EAD3 or EAD 2002 examples to EAD 4.0. Went into some detail about how to use an XML editor to do this work. See the presentation slides for more detail as to how to do this work. 
        * Help to define the EAS lists of attributes’ values.
    * Team discussion about ensuring that content management providers will uptake EAD 4.0. Reiterated that co-chairs will continue pushing the idea that all three standards need to be aligned and as a result there may be a better chance of a provider taking up the revisions of these various standards. 
* Any other business (time permitting)
    * Last reminder about the SAA annual meeting coming up.
    * Please let us know if you want to participate in the EAD 4.0 revision.
* Next meetings
    * SAA annual meeting (August)
    * October 2024
    * February 2025
    * May 2025

Thanks to all who attended!    
