<!-- Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts! -->


# 2023-01-11 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Dia, Karin


## Regrets

Ricardo, Mark, Mpho, Elizabeth


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Result from earlier actions points
    * Elizabeth has made the new version of the French example with the following observations
        * What is the difference between &lt;recordID> and &lt;identity @valueURI>?  Are these the same value generally?
        * Note that when we use relations to record the &lt;relationType>, we have to be really careful about the direction of the relationship.  This is part of the EAC-CPF definition, but it really matters when we use ontology values.
        * There is not a way to prioritize relationships as is in the French example.
* Discussion
    * Dia has found this example, there are not easy to find examples. [https://www.health.gov.au/resources/collections/department-of-health-and-aged-care-organisational-charts](https://www.health.gov.au/resources/collections/department-of-health-and-aged-care-organisational-charts) 
        * Might it be that describing functions in the way ISDF is written is not common practice any more?
    * RecordID is the id for the EAF instance, identitetID is the id for the described entity. Might be the same but let's keep inline with the other EAS’s.
    * We have discussed it and we need to be clear in saying that the relation always originates from the EAF in the current description and to the other entities. Also to note that the EAF dont know the full hierarchy in the relations only its closest siblings.
    * Prioritizing the relationships is always depending on the one creating the description and we can't accommodate that.
    * The case of having just an image of the function tree and nothing more was discussed. Can be accommodated using reference in the function description.
* Plan to move forward
    * Make sure we have three examples
        * Only reference to an functional chart (The Australian example)
        * One example built upon relations (The French example)
        * One example with a full hierarchy described in one XML document (The Swedish complex example)
* Action points
    * Karin to create an Australian example following today's discussion
    * Dia to investigate the Australian example more
    * The rest, look into the examples and give comments!
        * Especially make sure that the suggested examples can be used as the ones we will ask for feedback on.
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Wednesday 25th of January 2023, 3pm CET
