<!-----



Conversion time: 0.517 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β44
* Mon May 19 2025 03:10:53 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: 12th of May 2025
----->



# 2025-05-12 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Kolbe, Elizabeth 


## Regrets

Dia


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
    * Our goal is to have the elements and attributes ready by 9th of June both TL text and issues so the schema can be created. The editorial texts we can give some more time to create, the preface and afterword.
    * After a short discussion we will start to meet every week to make sure we have the TL entries ready by the 9th of June
* Creation of TL and Schema
    * Shared elements
        * Nothing new today
    * Shared attributes
        * Nothing new today
    * EAF elements
        * Tip is to also use the ISDF when creating the drafts!
        * Ready for going into the TL
            * functionAgent
            * functionAgents
            * functionDescription
            * functionsDescription	
        * Today we looked at the elements Kolbe have made, some edits will be made
            * functionDates
            * functionHistory
        * Elizabeth will create the drafts for Dia’s elements
    * EAF attributes
        * There is only one specific EAF attribute
            * functionStatus Kolbe will do this one
* Discussion points
    * functions/function in EAD/EAC-CPF
        * Marie Elia and Karin have met and a draft has been presented to the EAC-CPF team, more discussion is needed before it will be also handed over to Kerstin and the EAD team. 
        * Current example in EAC-CPF is a descriptive text so investigations into its use is being made and a suggestion where function is instead pointed to via a relation
        * The option that EAF might be possible to be added through XML inclusion in an &lt;objectXMLWrap> is being looked at
    * The element description that is shared with EAC-CPF might need a name change, the use is the same but the elements within differ.
        * Short discussion gave that it is an element that gathers description elements so it should have the same name but not the same content.
    * Examples
        * The suggested examples are:
            * Government archives; possible examples:
                * American Revolution Bicentennial Administration
                * United States Agency for International Development
                * United States Department of State
                * Works Progress Administration
                * The United States Institute of Peace
            * University archives; possible examples:
                * Development of Alumni Affairs Committee
                  * The [Yale Development and Alumni Affairs Committee](https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=521bcc6d89434124&cs=0&sxsrf=AHTn8zrYUyGNGqrGpiImcWcmT2LQzgx0KA%3A1747655290951&q=Yale+Development+and+Alumni+Affairs+Committee&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjz3ZSmu6-NAxX5KVkFHbMCKoUQxccNegQIAhAB&mstk=AUtExfDoxtBL-0IUvqqhVEZu5XGzxRBvcrbybs6_pkcECEdk-B8YcvHXHNgx-G1uj5HYtmqA_FCwRCfArHX6vgZ-SJyj6p9wGlQ_cgdvGeXH2HlmDeyfO_oKKIINkOKG-O4srIB-OgL4JFMNEk7AwhQZsahlKG8trz0qiVCibAPMfJQY1Iw&csui=3) is a committee of the [Yale University's Board of Trustees](https://www.yale.edu/board-trustees/committees), responsible for matters related to fundraising, development, and alumni affairs. It's a key body within Yale's governance structure, overseeing efforts to connect with and support alumni, and to cultivate philanthropic support for the university 
                * Buildings and Grounds Committee
                  * The Buildings and Grounds Committee at Yale University is responsible for advising the Yale Corporation on matters related to buildings and grounds. They recommend actions and provide insights on various aspects of campus infrastructure, including planning, design, and maintenance. The committee consists of at least five members of the Corporation, according to Yale's by-laws 
                * Institutional Policies Committee
                  * The Committee on Governance and Institutional Policy has two primary tasks. The first is to evaluate the recent changes in the governance of the FAS and the university in order to inform the FAS Senate about alternative organizational structures and budget processes. The second is to review the status of faculty rights and responsibilities as shall come to the attention of the Executive Council of the FASS where those issues do not fit into the purview of other FASS committees. 
            * Discussion
                * United States Agency for International Development (USAID) is an example that a lot of people know about so it will be a good example.
                * Elizabeth will look into its changes in function in recent time
                * Two of the university examples will most likely be used
                * Kolbe will add short descriptions of the examples in these notes.
    * Element functionType needs a discussion, is it needed or not? Will be possible to discuss when the draft elements have been made.
* Action points
    * Creation of the last drafts
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * 19th of May, 2.30pm CEST
