# 2025-07-14 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Elizabeth, Kolbe


## Regrets

Dia


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
    * Deadline for drafts to TS-EAS August meeting is July 22nd.
* Testing of Schema
    * The issues where there is changes needed will get an extra comment and Mark Custer (fordmadox) will be referenced in the comment with whats needed.
* TL
    * Big thank you to Ailie for aiding us!
    * Introductionary text
        * Elizabeth and Kolbe will go through the text and make it ready for Karin to add to the TL by Friday end of this week (18th).
        * Email will be sent to Karin to let her know it's ready.
* Discussion points
    * None this time 
* Action points
    * Karin;
        * Add introduction when ready
    * Elizabeth; 
        * Work with the introduction
        * Schema issues
            * Add label “Ready for implementation” for the ready ones
            * Make a comment with whats needed and tag Mark Custer for the ones that need some more work
        * Will start with the governmental example
    * Kolbe: 
        * Work with the introduction
        * Schema issues
            * Add label “Ready for implementation” for the ready ones
            * Make a comment with whats needed and tag Mark Custer for the ones that need some more work
        * Will do the same for the university example 
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * The TS-EAS meetings in August
