# 2025-04-28 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Kolbe, Elizabeth 


## Regrets

Dia


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
    * Our goal is to have the elements and attributes ready by 9th of June both TL text and issues so the schema can be created. The editorial texts we can give some more time to create, the preface and afterword.
* Creation of TL and Schema
    * Shared elements
        * Nothing new today
    * Shared attributes
        * Nothing new today
    * EAF elements
        * Tip is to also use the ISDF when creating the drafts!
        * We looked at the ready drafts and saw that some changes might be needed but as a first version they are ok.
            * functionAgent
            * functionAgents
            * functionDescription
            * functionsDescription
        * The element description that is shared with EAC-CPF might need a name change, the use is the same but the elements within differ.
            * Definition in EAC-CPF, [https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-description](https://eac.staatsbibliothek-berlin.de/schema/v2/eac.html#elem-description) 
            * Do we need to change the name or is it possible to have different elements within?
            * TS EAS Design Principles, [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/wiki/Design-Principles](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/wiki/Design-Principles) 
        * Element functionType needs a discussion, is it needed or not? Will be possible to discuss when Dia has made the drafts.
    * EAF attributes
        * There is only one specific EAF attribute
            * functionStatus Elizabeth
* Discussion points
    * localType attribute
        * Conclusion is that we will follow the TS EAS decision made regarding its use
    * functions/function in EAD/EAC-CPF
        * Marie Elia and Karin are going to meet and talk about a solution
        * One option to not miss is that EAF might be possible to be added through XML inclusion in an &lt;objectXMLWrap> 
* Action points
   * Examples
      * Until next time look at these suggestions and think about which ones we should create
          * Government archives; possible examples:
            * American Revolution Bicentennial Administration
            * United States Agency for International Development
            * United States Department of State
            * Works Progress Administration
            * The United States Institute of Peace
          * University archives; possible examples:
            * Development of Alumni Affairs Committee
            * Buildings and Grounds Committee
            * Institutional Policies Committee
        * Dia second go at the shared elements and attributes
        * Go through the EAF elements allotted to you and create drafts
            * functionDates 	Kolbe
            * functionHistory Kolbe
            * functionType Dia
            * otherFunction 	Dia
            * otherFunctionTypes Dia
        * The shared element description
            * Look at the definition and the design principles
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * 12th of May, 2.30pm CEST
