# 2025-03-24 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Kolbe 


## Regrets

Elizabeth, Dia


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* The examples
    * Kolbe reported
        * **Government Archives**- I met with Josh Cochran (Beinecke curator focused on American History collections, he also has experience working in government archives), he brought up some interesting points about government institutions that don’t exist anymore or exist in a different form. He gave me some examples and he’s going to send me a list of institutions I/we could potentially use that he thinks might be helpful for people.
        * **University Archives** - I met with Yale’s University Archivists (they were very excited about functions). Examples they thought of include committees that change name, membership, location, office, personnel. There have been a lot of committees over the course of Yale’s history (obviously) and many of them have the same functions but have changed name, office they report to, location, scope, etc. (this is also not unique to Yale, so this would be a good universal example). I’m looking at and drafting examples now that we could use, but they said they’re open to working with me to make sure I capture things accurately.
* Creation of TL and Schema
    * Shared attributes
        * A quick look at the attributes were made. Some changes will come following the EAD revision.
* Action points
    * All
        * Go through the allotted shared attributes which we should especially look at
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * 7th of April, 2.30pm CEST
        * Dia talk through the shared elements looked at
        * Go through the shared attributes allotted to you
        * Look at Dia’s summary and see if that one will be the basis for looking at the functions specific elements and attributes
        * Attribute localType
