# 2025-02-24 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Elizabeth, Kolbe, Dia 


## Regrets

None


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Instructions from the Schema Team
    * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas) 
    * For the issues themselves, our recommendation is the following:
        * Create one issue for the default EAF schema, referencing the namespace.  Weâ€™ll use that issue to set up the base EAF schema.
            * Namespace?
                * [https://archivists.org/ns/eac/v2](https://archivists.org/ns/eac/v2) 
                * [http://ead3.archivists.org/schema/](http://ead3.archivists.org/schema/) 
                * We will use: [https://archivists.org/ns/eaf/v1](https://archivists.org/ns/eaf/v1) 
            * Issue created: [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas/issues/159](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/eas-schemas/issues/159) 
        * Create separate issues for each new EAF element, indicating the attributes available, as well as where those elements can appear in the overall schema (child of, and parent of).
            * If possible links to the TL to be added
        * If there are any additional constraints desired, we can discuss in the Schema meetings, and I will create issues for those in the eas-schematrons repository. 
* The examples
    * We need to make one new example, fuller. Or should we do some more?
    * Can we find a university example?
    * Can we find an agency example?
    * All will make suggestions and check some leads following the discussion.
* Creation of TL and Schema
    * Karin showed the issue template for the creation of the schema issues as well as the TL prepared by Ailie.
    * We decided to start off with the shared elements and attributes
        * All elements are divided to the team
            * We will look through them and write comments in a new document where we will internally keep the discussion so far before the text is added to the TL entries
    * Workflow
        * Shared elements
            * Document changes needed in a Google Doc
        * Shared attributes
            * Document changes needed in a Google Doc
        * Functions elements and attributes
            * Document changes needed in a Google Doc
        * Updates to TL in GitHub
        * Creation of issues for schema creation
    * Dia has created an internal reference of just the functions element and attributes to aid in the work
    * Karin to set up a document for the shared elements and attributes 
    * Karin to set up a document with useful links
* Action points
    * All
        * Go through the allotted elements
        * Think about examples
    * Karin
        * Set up the document for recording thoughts
    * Dia
        * Finalise going through the draft TL and find out which element and element names we need to discuss
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * 10th of March, 1.30pm CET (US is on summertime from 9th of March)
        * Go through the shared elements
