# 2025-06-09 Function subteam meeting


## Attendees

Karin, Elizabeth


## Regrets

Dia, Kolbe


## Agenda and notes



* Welcome! (Karin)
* Creation of TL and Schema
    * All issues created for creation of the schema
    * Some shared entires was checked
        * Leave as is for now
            * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-date.xml](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-date.xml) 
            * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-dateRange.xml](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-dateRange.xml)
            * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-dateSet.xml](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-dateSet.xml) 
            * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-relation.xml](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-relation.xml)
        * Minor update
            * [https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-placeName.xml](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/ead4/tei/shared/en/elem-placeName.xml)  
* Discussion points
    * None this time 
* Planning
    * All the TL entries for attributes and elements to be ready by the 9th so Ailie can take a look
    * Issues for the schema is ready
    * Examples
        * The gathering of info can be done
        * When we have the schema the XML versions can be created
    * We need the text in the beginning that can be based on the White Paper
    * Do we need appendixes?
    * What texts do we need for the best practice guide (BPG)?
* Action points
    * Karin;
        * Ask Ailie for a transformation
        * Work with the pretexts
        * Set up a meeting for the group when we have access to a schema
    * Elizabeth; 
        * Will start with the governmental example
    * Kolbe: 
        * Will do the same for the university example 
* Next meeting (Karin)
    * Will be decided when we have a schema to look at
