# SAA TS-EAS EAD Team Report July 2018

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities (as you and your team have envisioned it)

The purpose of the EAD Team is to maintain and support the usage of Encoded Archival Description. This includes fixing bugs in EAD3, considering and implementing requests from the community, maintaining documentation, and communicating with the EAD user community.

## 2. Team membership 2017-2018
- Wim van Dongen
- Alexander Duryee
- Noah Huffman, team leader
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Bill Stockting
- Kathy Wisser, chair liaison

## 3. Current status (as of 2018-07-24)

Listed here are the EAD team's principal accomplishments from the previous year:

1. Coordinated the release of EAD3 v.1.1.0. The new version contains 7 changes (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/blob/master/RELEASE.md#new-in-ead3-110). The most significant change is the introduction of a new rightsdeclaration element in the control section to communicate the rights status of the description (finding aid) itself.  Other work involved in issuing the EAD3 v1.1.0 release included:
   - Working with the Schema Team, the EAD team finalized feature requests and bug fixes to be included in EAD3 1.1.0 and tested versions of the schema in preparation for the release.
   - Advertised and managed a comment period (January-February 2018) to gather feedback on the pending release.
   - Worked with the Documentation Subteam to update the EAD3 Tag Library and introduced a new method for communicating incremental changes in the the Tag Libraries (see: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/blob/master/UPDATING.md)
   - Coordinated with Library of Congress to add updated EAD3 schemas and Tag Libraries to the official EAD website: https://www.loc.gov/ead/
   - Advertised new EAD3 v1.1.0 release on all relevant listservs (EAD list, SAA lists, APEnet list, Twitter, ect.)

2. Discussed and commented on additional feature requests for EAD3 (Github issues)
   - See: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues
   
3. Revised and advertised an EAD3 Implementation Survey to assess the current rate of implementation and identify potential barriers to EAD3 implementation.


## 4. Initiatives underway

- Collecting responses from EAD3 Implementation survey
- Codifying and documenting development and release cycle for incremental updates to EAD3.

Also pending is a public comment period on the 1.1 release of EAD3, which will include the new features and bug fixes mentioned above. The comment period can beginn as soon as the TS-EAS Schema Team has issued an EAD3 1.1 release candidate free of known bugs.

## 5. Forthcoming projects/initiatives desired, priorities

- Develop EAD3 Validation Guidelines
- Publish results of EAD3 Implementation survey, noting any trends since survey was last distributed
