# SAA TS-EAS: EAD Subteam Report, February 2020

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities

The purpose of the EAD Team is to maintain and support the usage of Encoded Archival Description. This includes fixing bugs in EAD3, considering and implementing requests from the community, maintaining documentation, and communicating with the EAD user community.

## 2. Team membership 2019-2020
- Alexander Duryee
- Caitlin Rizzo
- Karin Bredenberg
- Kerstin Arnold, team lead
- Mark Custer, chair liaison
- Noah Huffman
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Wim van Dongen

## 3. Accomplishments, August 2019 to January 2020

Listed here are the EAD team's principal accomplishments from the past six months:

- The proposal for a rolling revision cycle has received approval by the TS-EAS members. It has been extended to now represent a workflow for all EAS in future while they are not undergoing a major revision. The rolling revision cycle along with a visualisation has been made available on the main GitHub page of EAD3: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3. 
  - Pending the ongoing conversations within and with Standards Committee concerning minor and major changes to the EAS, the rolling revision cycle might require smaller editions in the upcoming months. 
- We have released the EAD3 1.1.1 patch release in December 2019.
  - The main issues covered by this patch release were a bug fix with regard to `<c12>` in the XSD versions of the schema and the (re-)addition of `<foreign>` as an optional sub-element of `<ref>`
  - All details can be found here: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/releases/tag/v1.1.1
- On 28 January 2020, EAD team held a joint meeting with the EAC and Schema teams to discuss various aspects that have come up in the context of EAD3 reconciliation during the major EAC-CPF revision. While this meeting mainly concentrated on aspects around attributes, which either exist in one, but not in the other standard or exist in both, but are not used consistently, the conversation will be continued during the EAC-CPF meeting in Berlin (9-12 March), where there will be one day dedicated to EAD3 reconciliation topics. 
- EAD team has continued the regular review of GitHub issues. 
  - Various issues registered in the EAD3 repository are currently led by the Schema team as they relate to aspects of using Schematron.
  - Apart from these, the main issue under discussion at the moment is https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/517 with regard to a potentially extended use of `<objectxmlwrap>`.
 
## 4. Forthcoming projects, initiatives, and priorities

Tasks on the agenda of EAD team for the upcoming months are:
- Decide on potential EAD3 1.2 release for 2020 (will depend on https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/517 mainly, but potentially also on some aspects coming out of EAD3 reconciliation conversations with EAC team as mentioned below)
- EAD3 reconciliation as part of EAC-CPF revision
- Work with SAA's EAS Section to update EAD-related information on SAA pages (Example: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/encoded-archival-standards-section/frequently-asked-questions-about-ead-and-ead3)
- Work on additional examples and use cases for EAD3 implementation
