# SAA TS-EAS: EAD Subteam Annual Report, August 2020

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities

The purpose of the EAD Team is to maintain and support the usage of Encoded Archival Description. This includes fixing bugs in EAD3, considering and implementing requests from the community, maintaining documentation, and communicating with the EAD user community.

## 2. Team membership 2019-2020
- Alexander Duryee
- Caitlin Rizzo
- Karin Bredenberg
- Kerstin Arnold, team lead
- Mark Custer, chair liaison
- Noah Huffman
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Wim van Dongen

## 3. Accomplishments, August 2019 to July 2020

Listed here are the EAD team's principal accomplishments from the previous year:

- Rolling revision cycle
  - Approval by the TS-EAS members in late 2019. It has been extended to now represent a workflow for all EAS in future while they are not undergoing a major revision. The rolling revision cycle along with a visualisation has been made available on the main GitHub page of EAD3: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3. 
  - Pending the ongoing conversations within and with Standards Committee concerning minor and major changes to the EAS, the rolling revision cycle might require smaller editions in the upcoming months. 
- Release of the EAD3 1.1.1 patch release in December 2019
  - The main issues covered by this patch release were a bug fix with regard to `<c12>` in the XSD versions of the schema and the (re-)addition of `<foreign>` as an optional sub-element of `<ref>`.
  - All details can be found here: https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/releases/tag/v1.1.1.
- Continued regular review of GitHub issues 
  - Various issues registered in the EAD3 repository are currently led by the Schema team as they relate to aspects of using Schematron.
    - Aim: develop, publish, and advertise EAD3 Validation FAQ / Guidelines (e.g. how to validate using schematron).
    - Will be tackled in the context of general harmonisation tasks between EAD3 and EAC-CPF.
  - Community feedback on issue https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/517.
    - Suggestion to potentially extend the use of `<objectxmlwrap>` as either child or sibling to `<did>`.
    - Decision: To accommodate what the intial use case is looking to do, EAD team strongly recommends the use of the existing solution with `<relations>`.
  - Action on issue https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/520.
    - Will be effective in EAD only with a new major release, but will already be taken care of in the new upcoming version of EAC-CPF. 
    - Renaming `<script>` to `<writingsystem>` following the note about potential security risks.
    - Some related questions decided between EAD and EAC-CPF teams with regard to element `<languagedeclaration>` and attributes `@langencoding`, `@langcode`, `@lang`, and `@script`.
  - Smaller corrections of the EAD3 Tag Library.
    - https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/49, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/50, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/53, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/54, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/55, https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/56, and https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues/69).
  - No release of a new EAD3 1.2 schema in 2020, though release of an update to the Tag Library.  
- EAD3 reconciliation as part of EAC-CPF revision
  - Joint meeting between EAD and EAC and Schema teams on 28 January concentrating on aspects around attributes.
  - EAD3 Reconciliation day during Berlin meeting of the EAC-CPF team (9 to 12 March) looking at shared elements within `<control>`.
  - Joint meeting between EAD and EAC teams on 10 July starting conversations around some similar elements (e.g. `<placeEntry>` and `<geogname>`).
  - EAD3 Reconcilation topics during Chicago meeting of the EAC-CPF team (27 to 31 July) continuing the conversations around similar elements as well as looking at shared elements outside of `<control>`.
  - Initial decisions to adopt some changes resulting from reconciliation between the two EAS.
    - Formally adopting the changes to date elements suggested as part of the EAC-CPF revision also for EAD3.
    - Deprecating/removing the current `<date>` element as mixed content element in EAD3 and renaming the current `<datesingle>` to `<date>` to be used in the same way as in EAC-CPF.
    - Formally adopting the changes to content type for `<maintenancestatus>`, `<publicationstatus>`, `<agenttype>`, and `<eventtype>`.
    - Formally adopting to use `@transliteration` along with other language attribution options. (Pending final conversations as part of EAC-CPF revision).
    - Formally adopting the alignment of attributes `@certainty`, `@notafter`, `@notbefore` within all single date elements.
    - Formally adopting the alignment of (previous) XLink attributes concentrating on `@href`, `@linkrole`, `@linktitle`.
  - Starting to create placeholder issues on GitHub to follow up on as a first step to a future major EAD revision.
- Started collaborations with EAS Section
  - Mainly with regard to the outcomes of the section's survey on the use of the EAS and other standards.
  - Interest in following up with some more specific questions around EAD and specifically the use of EAD2002 vs the use of EAD3 in the context of a future major revision of EAD.
- Started collaborations with the Outreach team
  - Looking at updates to the EAD-related information on SAA pages (Example: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/encoded-archival-standards-section/frequently-asked-questions-about-ead-and-ead3).
  - Looking into webinar topics on EAD

## 4. Forthcoming projects, initiatives, and priorities

- Start revision process for EAD
  - First phase in 2020/2021: Review impact of reconciliation and other topics from EAC-CPF revision.
  - Potentially use this as basis for a first draft to initiate feedback and comments from the community when publishing a call for comments (seconc half of 2021). 
  - Explore ways to engage with other players in the use of EAD (providers of Archival Management Systems, aggregators/consortia, etc).
- Finalise EAD3 reconciliation as part of EAC-CPF revision
- Contiue work with Outreach team and SAA's EAS Section
  - Work on additional examples and use cases for EAD3 implementation (following up on one of the suggestions from the EAD3 Implementation Report)
  - Work on webinars on EAD3
  - Looking into questions around EAD2002 to EAD3 to "a new version"
