# SAA TS-EAS: EAD Subteam Annual Report, July 2019

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities

The purpose of the EAD Team is to maintain and support the usage of Encoded Archival Description. This includes fixing bugs in EAD3, considering and implementing requests from the community, maintaining documentation, and communicating with the EAD user community.

## 2. Team membership 2017-2018
- Wim van Dongen
- Alexander Duryee
- Noah Huffman, team leader
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Kathy Wisser, chair liaison

## 3. Current status (as of 2018-07-24)

Listed here are the EAD team's principal accomplishments from the previous year:

1. Published results of the [EAD3 Implementation Survey](http://www.loc.gov/ead/EAD3_Implementation_Survey_Results_and_Discussion_20190320.pdf) (March 2019). The survey ran from June 2017-September 2018. The survey results and accompanying analysis identify obstacles to EAD3 implementation and highlight opinions in the community about the perceived cost/benefit of implementing EAD3.

2. Drafted and revised a [Proposed Annual Calendar for Managing Minor Revisions to EAD](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/TS-EAS-subteam-notes/blob/master/ead-subteam/working-documents/ead-rolling-revision-cycle-DRAFT.md). The calendar is an attempt to document and standardize the rolling revision process, release cycle, and dependencies for making incremental revisions to EAD3 (schemas, Tag Libraries, etc.). The calendar was developed in response to feedback from the Standards Committee after the introduction of minor rolling revisions in 2017. The calendar suggests that minor releases to EAD should occur no more than once per year and it sets deadlines and dates for various steps in the process (soliciting feature requests, running comment periods, issuing release candidates, etc.). The Standards Committee has reviewed drafts of the calendar, but TS-EAS is still unclear about whether or not we can adopt the calendar going forward.

3. Made several minor updates to the EAD3 Tag Libraries in response to internal review by TS-EAS and issues submitted by the EAD community. Updates include: clarification of `<rightsdeclaration>` element and updated examples, documenting missing attributes on several elements (`<addressline>`, `<source>`). See [Tag Libraries open and closed issues](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAS-TagLibraries/issues).

4. Reviewed [outstanding EAD3 Github Issues](https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues) submitted by TS-EAS members and the community. Closed out resolved issues, provided comments on others.

## 4. Initiatives underway

- Still seeking feedback or approval from Standards Committee about the Proposed Calendar for Managing Minor Revisions to EAD. Can we formally adopt and implement this? Doing so would add clarity to the minor revision process and allow TS-EAS to move forward on outstanding proposed revisions.
 
## 5. Forthcoming projects, initiatives, and priorities

- Develop, publish, and advertise EAD3 Validation FAQ / Guidelines (e.g. how to validate using schematron).
- Work with Schema Team to brainstorm ways to simplify the maintenance of schemas and tag libraries (consolidating EAD and EAC schemas?).
- Explore other ways to encourage adoption of EAD3 (e.g. integrating support into Archival Management Systems, reaching out to aggregators/consortia).
- Work with SAA's EAS Section to update EAD-related information on SAA pages (Example: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/encoded-archival-standards-section/frequently-asked-questions-about-ead-and-ead3)
