# SAA TS-EAS: EAD Subteam Report, May 2020

## 1. Purpose/scope of team responsibilities

The purpose of the EAD Team is to maintain and support the usage of Encoded Archival Description. This includes fixing bugs in EAD3, considering and implementing requests from the community, maintaining documentation, and communicating with the EAD user community.

## 2. Team membership 2019-2020
- Alexander Duryee
- Caitlin Rizzo
- Karin Bredenberg
- Kerstin Arnold, team lead
- Mark Custer, chair liaison
- Noah Huffman
- Silke Jagodzinski
- Wim van Dongen

## 3. Accomplishments, February to May 2020

Listed here are the EAD team's principal accomplishments from the past six months:

- Question of a minor release in 2020
  - After finalising the conversation on issue #517 (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/517), EAD team has decided not to  endorse the suggested change, but to emphasise the use of the existing solution with `<relations>`. Apart from the concerns with regard to interoperability, this also speaks to the circumstance that EAD is an archival description standard, not a “wrapping” standard such as e.g. METS.
  - Furthermore, EAD team has decided not to aim at another release (EAD3 1.2) during 2020 and to tackle the remaining issues (#467, #498, #501, #503, #508), which are mainly around the use of Schematron and similar aspects, in the context of general harmonisation tasks between EAD3 and EAC-CPF.
- EAD3 reconciliation as part of EAC-CPF revision
  - EAC-CPF team dedicated one day of the meeting in Berlin (9 to 12 March) to reconciliation topics with EAD3, which was led by the EAD team lead.
  - Following conversations in Berlin as well as in virtual meetings of both teams afterwards, EAD team will be looking into registering some initial issues on GitHub for a future major revision of EAD. Some initial decisions include:
    - Renaming `<script>` to `<writingsystem>` following the note about potential security risks in issue #520 (https://github.com/SAA-SDT/EAD3/issues/520); some related questions (see issue #520 again for details) are currently pending final decision between EAD and EAC-CPF teams.
    - Formally adopting the changes to date elements suggested as part of the EAC-CPF revision also for EAD3.
    - Deprecating/removing the current `<date>` element as mixed content element in EAD3 and renaming the current `<datesingle>` to `<date>` to be used in the same way as in EAC-CPF.
  - There also is another joint meeting planned betwenn both teams in early July.
 
## 4. Ongoing projects, initiatives, and priorities

- Work with SAA's EAS Section to update EAD-related information on SAA pages (Example: https://www2.archivists.org/groups/encoded-archival-standards-section/frequently-asked-questions-about-ead-and-ead3).
- Work on additional examples and use cases for EAD3 implementation; this is following up on one of the suggestions from the EAD3 Implementation Report last year.
- Looking into webinar topics on EAD together with the Outreach team.
- Taking care of some smaller corrections of the EAD3 Tag Library (#49, #50, #53, #54, #55, #56).
